Andrew Goeken  0:00  
Price changes depending on what you looked at, right? We know switching, converting something to CY, and you know that takes us 1015, minutes on Photoshop or something like that, directly back and forth with the client. But if it's like a big deal thing, and they're charging 125 per hour, well, yeah, you're saying that because I

Bill Denk  0:18  
said 50 bucks or something. Right. No, no. I was just saying that we have some designation of whatever it is that our team can help you and suggest what that might be. That way, that way the customers will feel frustrated, but it also allows the company to upcharge. Oh, I think a nap. Can you grab some napkins? Grab a what? Are you going to go to nap? Yeah, I can get. Oh yeah, we

Adam Denk  0:42  
had to get some. I

Bill Denk  0:45  
didn't think about it.

Speaker 1  0:48  
Did you see the Augustine 70 millimeter? Yeah, I did. Voice. The Letty Net. The Oxford Christopher Nolan movie. Oh, oh, yeah. It was pretty. The closest 70 millimeter IMAX to us in the same movie. the special one. You saw

Lance Binder  1:05  
that? Yeah. Yeah, the

Adam Denk  1:07  
really film one. It was really. It was very soothing to sit there and hear the projector start to work. Like took me back. No, I saw it from this one's room at a theater called the Vista.

Speaker 1  1:20  
Yeah.

Adam Denk  1:21  
Which was like one of the Hollywood brand-like theaters over in that area, and Quintin Tarantino went around and like refurbished them all, and then is like offering screenings in there. Really cool theater. Once you get to that with a friend of mine, who it was his 500th movie that year.

Andrew Goeken  1:41  
That year.

Adam Denk  1:42  
She's trying to like break a record. Up

Speaker 2  1:44  
to like. So over this year.

Adam Denk  1:45  
So for this year. This guy doesn't have a

Lance Binder  1:47  
job. He has a job. Yeah, so

Zack (MRP)  1:50  
like several movies a day.

Adam Denk  1:52  
Yep, pretty much basically. So

Lance Binder  1:56  
heated.

Adam Denk  1:59  
So he did like a lot of like TO and government banks going, and up there it was like regular non IMAX, which is still fantastic for to go see it. And then across the street from us is an outdoor mall called the Irvine Spectrum, which is like it has one of I think it's 40 true IMAX 300 and some of them apparently are like IMAX so they're not true IMAX at some point or something and we that place is sold out from the time it opened until September mid September right now, like you cannot get a seat there because everybody comes from all over to go there. Yeah. So we ended up we ended up finding a couple seats like eight a.m. on a random on a random day. So we were able to hop out and go see that, and we. haven't seen it yet? No. So I

Lance Binder  3:10  
guess the weekender came out. I got tickets to the IMAX while my mom and brother and his wife were driving through. So we went to see them on Sunday. It was like 98 degrees outside.

Bill Denk  3:20  
No.

Lance Binder  3:23  
The Paradisea, we'll do this, see how long it takes us, and then we'll we'll see the packaging building. Try to get there around 12:30, so Austin can give us the overtracking. Would it be worth it to try to do also grab Gavin here while we're probably talk about art?

Arian Kennedy  3:57  
Gavin's not here. He's on PTO. Reed might be able to help if y'all want to try to go talk to her.

Bill Denk  4:05  
Just a few quick questions. It's really

Lance Binder  4:12  
Austin first because he's limited on time, and then maybe just talk to her afterwards, just kind of informally, or I don't know.

Adam Denk  4:28  
I don't

Lance Binder  4:38  
know. I know. I'll let Austin. Anybody you know? I don't

Arian Kennedy  4:43  
have her numbers. I don't think I have her numbers. Can probably find it. I'll

Andrew Goeken  5:31  
sing for you.

Bill Denk  5:38  
So, what is your favorite music?

Arian Kennedy  5:40  
I like all music, all all music.

Bill Denk  5:44  
Is there any music you don't like? Like you're like, there's no I can listen.

Arian Kennedy  5:47  
I mean, I'm definitely not into a lot of the Cookie Monster. Yeah, like Cookie

Andrew Goeken  5:52  
Monster metal.

Arian Kennedy  5:53  
Um, I was like, I use like again, I'm like music is music. I I feel like you can appreciate all music. I had this ex boyfriend who would try to like push me in a car listening to that music, and I'm like, dude, leave me alone. Like I just don't like this music anymore. Ironically,

Adam Denk  6:08  
just makes you like. Yeah.

Bill Denk  6:16  
Was it? No.

Speaker 3  6:18  
I love playing in that music. When you say

Bill Denk  6:20  
cookie monster, you're talking about. I've never thought about this.

Andrew Goeken  6:22  
Not the party.

Bill Denk  6:23  
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's funny. I never thought. Now only I ever got a picture of Cookie Monster.

Speaker 2  6:32  
About you guys.

Andrew Goeken  6:40  
I guess a lot of it is like I feel like I have not to quote not to be Taylor Swift. I feel like I hate using this word now. My wife's a huge Taylor Swift fan. I feel like I have like eras of what I'm into. Yeah. But when I was in high school, I was really into like sublime and like kind of beach reggae rock scoff that like blend you know yeah what get into fish bone yeah love fish bones from Tony Knox pro skater yep I race actually I race was just playing down the street from us at a free show for they call it the Supergirl competition it's an all female surf competition and they have an amphitheater out there, so I raced playing. So like all of those bands in high school were like the Dirty Heads were my first concert. So that got me really into like music. But then after a while, that music tends to sound the same. You know, they don't branch out. So still love it, but all

Lance Binder  7:37  
that guitar on the FB thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Once you heard one, it's it's so fun to play. Yeah, especially it's a real high energy kind of punky style stuff.

Andrew Goeken  7:47  
Yeah, there's one I really like a lesser known bands

Lance Binder  7:52  
because there's

Andrew Goeken  7:54  
it was um

Speaker 2  7:58  
man

Andrew Goeken  7:59  
pepper. No, pepper's good though. Oh man, I'm about to be cooked though. It's I'll end up thinking of it later and then yelling to everybody. They're a lesser known band. They were so good on the concert live too, but they were like a blend of it of kind of Scott and like an offshoot, and they were so fun to see live. And then yeah, now I'm into everything from jazz, weird the folk metal, El Yeti, like yeah, just all the all weird kinds of stuff. Usually it ends up being oh, I don't really like this type of

Speaker 4  8:41  
music.

Andrew Goeken  8:42  
I'm like, you know, it's all right. Yeah.

Arian Kennedy  8:46  
For the most part, I like a lot of stuff. I do listen to a lot of Spanish music, which I encourage everybody to listen to music in a different language.

Andrew Goeken  8:54  
Yeah.

Arian Kennedy  8:55  
And then back on this, the whole thing to like what I would listen to in middle school, like old emo kid, like someone listening about going into film and just signing, right?

Adam Denk  9:07  
Yeah. Now you just went to an MCA. Yeah, we went to the MCR concert last year at Dodger Stadium. The show they put on was amazing. It was like pink toy the wall type of stuff where it's all-it's like a theater production.

Zack (MRP)  9:26  
They were in Nashville. Pictures from it. Yeah, crazy. They're like Pierce

Arian Kennedy  9:33  
the Vale. I would have loved to see that. Bear

Adam Denk  9:37  
Tooth. We got Wallows as their opener. They were great. It was really cute. There was a group of like young girls behind me and my wife turned around and all were wearing Wallows T-shirts with Lee Singer's face on it that they made themselves. Nice. Like jumping up and down. Love that glass. It was horrible. The I don't know. I grew up singer-songwriter on one half, and then like these are mutually exclusive, and then like classic rock metal on the other half, and then has now branched into basically saying loving everything

Lance Binder  10:18  
for the most part, almost everything, or at least certain bands. I mean, just about every yeah.

Speaker 3  10:26  
I was definitely heavy enough growing up. Pair of bands, top and stuff like that. Daniel,

Arian Kennedy  10:32  
did you have a locked hair? I don't know if I've ever seen a picture. There

Speaker 3  10:37  
are many around.

Speaker 1  10:41  
Yeah, like I shoot Google.

Speaker 3  10:42  
Yeah, almost my butt.

Andrew Goeken  10:48  
I do love hair metal. I was like rat and Death Leopard.

Lance Binder  10:55  
Man, I toured with in the '80s. We covered all that stuff from '85 to '90. Even then, wrote some more of our own as bad contributions. Such a great genre,

Speaker 2  11:08  
weird

Speaker 3  11:10  
genre.

Speaker 2  11:12  
Yeah. Do you guys wear

Lance Binder  11:14  
prop tops? We back then.

Speaker 5  11:17  
Yeah. No, we started

Lance Binder  11:19  
85. We had perishing pants and stuff. We got into the spandex and of course long streaky hair with some hairspray crap like that. We had to open up for some some hair bands and some of the larger clubs we played. Highliner with the national accent we were touring. No way. Yeah.

Arian Kennedy  11:35  
He just showed me a picture last week of him in a blue jean vest with no shirt.

Lance Binder  11:42  
That was it. That was like 1980. With abs. Oh yeah. Heck yeah. Serious abs. That was 19. Whatever it was. Yeah. Nice. Love it.

Arian Kennedy  11:57  
I was listening to Tenacious Dean because somebody said Taco Supreme. I was like, okay, so I gotta go listen to Supreme Tanition scene, Spotify, and so I was just going. And then somehow I landed with Steel Panther, and I was like, I'm in very strange right now. And then I was like, this is a Bill type of stuff right here.

Lance Binder  12:18  
Well, they're kind of taking the piss out of the whole hair metal. Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Adam Denk  12:22  
yeah. I went to Tenacious News for a couple years. So much fun. Such like a fast age range in the crowd. Different types of people all appreciated the movement and like really deep voice and conversations I had with people. But like everyone from like kids who are 19 to like older folks who are like 4050, s up. Like it was really really fun. They put on a picture.

Lance Binder  12:50  
Well, this summer I know I mentioned going to see St. Vincent a couple weeks ago in the other made my summer of concerts. So in June I met my best friend, his family in Stockholm to see Queens of the Stone Age and System of the Dad. Queens, Queens is my favorite. You're my favorite back here. Yeah, they're real good for me. System was amazing. Came back, went to see a Wilco show down at the river. Big Chef Tweed fan, but I'd never seen them. How were they? Fantastic. It was great. And then flew to Boston with a buddy. Right after that to see Muse. Nice. Oh, they like now. Oh my gosh! Yeah, they said we'd all come out too. And a man called Block Party, who I wasn't familiar with. They were sensational. They were sensational. Love Block Party. So yeah, this I've been blowing all kinds of airlines and hotels this summer. Heck yeah.

Arian Kennedy  13:40  
I saw Say Anything recently at the Ryman. That

Adam Denk  13:45  
was actually

Arian Kennedy  13:46  
that was like last year, the year before last year. That was awesome. My friend and I went, and it was like a nice little nod to high school days for that. But that was really old. And that same friend y'all were talking about like being in bands and stuff, I was not an instrument type of person. I did choir, but my friend and I were silly, and we're like, we're gonna make a band. We're gonna call it TGV STD, and it's the greatest band since Tenacious Steve.

Adam Denk  14:14  
Well, I'm gonna end it.

Bill Denk  14:19  
So, who's the band that has Smoko? Is one of the oh

Speaker 1  14:24  
the chess. Oh, the bossy giants. Yeah, that's what they call the

Adam Denk  14:28  
bossy punk

Zack (MRP)  14:30  
thing. Yeah, yeah. They came that they came here last year. And it was

Speaker 1  14:35  
that place was over capacity. One

Adam Denk  14:37  
year only. Everyone screws together. I read a review of like one of their concerts, something from like that. Their son went, and he says it's my son's first concert. He said, "Dad, I can't. He says, "Dad, I was early. He said, "I have a black eye. He said, "I lost." My shoe, and and like his nose was like a little out of place or something like that. He was like, he's like, good job, though. Like that's going to a good fun show. Every song is

Speaker 6  15:13  
less than 10 years long. Yeah, I bruised some riffs on a metal pit in that.

Adam Denk  15:23  
I think the one of the best shows I've seen was Idols. They killed it. They were so good. But I remember we we saw them at a fest with the Lok Hand in California, and I remember seeing this? Like I don't think they knew who Idols was because I had like a conversation with them before that they're they're this heavier band because all the other bands at that place were little Jack

Andrew Goeken  15:54  
Johnson yeah like that type of a

Adam Denk  15:56  
thing and then Idols comes out and tears the roof off the giants, and this the two go for me. I can see them take edibles, one each, right like 30 minutes before the show. Yeah, you have to

Lance Binder  16:10  
give it time.

Adam Denk  16:11  
And then, and

Bill Denk  16:12  
then

Adam Denk  16:14  
the first thing Idols does is they split the crowd for the big giant to push in. And guitarist is already in the crowd within the first five minutes, thrash rounds. Great, great show. They look like they were having the worst time that they've ever had.

Speaker 2  16:31  
They're firefighting, going off the rails. They don't

Speaker 3  16:34  
know what to do.

Adam Denk  16:35  
Yeah, exactly. We just wanted to veg out the jacket. That's that's kind of like I think what their expectation was, yeah, just for like.

Zack (MRP)  16:43  
That's a very honesty. I don't know what you name too. Yeah,

Adam Denk  16:47  
idol. What

Bill Denk  16:52  
what leg is good?

Adam Denk  16:53  
What was that?

Bill Denk  16:55  
What leg?

Adam Denk  16:56  
What leg? What leg was fantastic? I saw them two years ago. They opened for Vampire Weekend. Oh, Empire Weekend is great. Yeah, it's really crazy how really

Speaker 6  17:06  
good they are. Bonnaroo this year, then.

Speaker 2  17:12  
Yeah, I didn't make out. You hear they canceled next year. What they canceled Bonnaroo next year? They did.

Speaker 6  17:19  
Yeah, I went

Lance Binder  17:20  
last year. We got canceled. We got rained out. Means this was really an idea.

Andrew Goeken  17:30  
Wow. I think the most impressed I've ever been on the show was Anderson Pat. Yeah. I think he was the most impressive performance of. Yeah, I didn't have a ton of expectations. Always wasn't music, but I just assumed like I ended up seeing people might crucify me for this. I saw Snoop Dogg and I was extremely disappointed. It was at a festival and playing fine, but just kind of backing track and whatever, and I kind of just got like a little bit like jaded.

Bill Denk  18:03  
But did Snoop Dogg have fun? Snoop Dogg had a blast. That was the fun part.

Andrew Goeken  18:08  
The fun part was when he was talking to the crowd. But he was yeah, he was definitely he's definitely drunk and having a good time, which is fine. But I think it was just I was a little jaded with like I think EDM and rap, where it's like sometimes this just feels like a backing track, and then they're singing over it, and so with with Anderson Pack, I think I like like I knew he's an instrumentalist, I knew he was a drummer, but I kind of mitigated it, and then I like went I went and saw him, and then I took my nephew who is a drummer, and he he had never even heard of Anderson Pack because he's just a strict rock and punk rock, but took my nephew, and he'll go see anything. And he's like, "That was some of the most insane drumming I've ever seen in my whole life. And he singing it the whole time. It was oh yeah, he sing it. Yeah. Did you hear the record you

Speaker 6  18:49  
did with Bruno Mars? Oh yeah, Silk Sonic. Yes. Awesome. We did a Silk Sonic song, and he put on a wig for the whole Silk Sonic. And he put on a Silk Sonic wig, and he has a whole character from

Andrew Goeken  18:59  
Silk Sonic that he does, and that was my favorite part of the show because I love the soul. Yeah. So yeah, he did his. Who's the guy that the rapper they reference that side? He was really good friends with Mac Miller. He did a couple of Mac Miller songs, and they had a whole like yeah. It was a whole like emotional thing while saying it. Yeah, people were crying next to me.

Bill Denk  19:21  
Thing I was most shocked about was that it was for the longest time I didn't know that that Will Ferrell played drums for Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Speaker 2  19:32  
That's so funny. One of the greatest numbers. Yeah, yeah. There was something. What was it? It was. I think he hosted SNL recently. Oh, yeah. They got next to each other. Yeah, just walking off. It

Speaker 3  19:56  
was like.

Adam Denk  19:59  
And then LCD sound system. They were just the vibe really breaking the crowd. They all were doing a great job. What they were doing. Oh yeah.

Bill Denk  20:22  
Right now. And now, no matter how tired Adam is, how long this week has been, if he decides he wants to go to a concert, he will not miss the concert because of Tom Pill.

Adam Denk  20:35  
Okay, so we went to go see. Actually, this is a great show too. Was it was beach house opened for flea foxes at the Hollywood Bowl, which is a they did so good, and went to the concert, had a great time, left parking at the Hollywood Bowl. If you've ever been, freaking nightmare because it's the last part. I never. We didn't know we stack. We got stuck in a stack party for like two hours. On my way out, I look to my left and I see a poster for Tom Petty performing the next day. Tom Petty's a huge, and I looked at it, but like also just a huge part of my childhood, growing up, and listened to it one time, and so okay, maybe I'll come back and go to that, go to the stack parking experience. Like I'm not doing that. I'm not driving all the way. Instead, it's like 3045, minutes short, but I don't know if I could do the stack parking thing yet. It seemed to be convenient. All that other stuff, and like I'll come back next time he's in town. A week later, he was dead, and I promised myself I'm like

Arian Kennedy  21:54  
Adam killed something. Yeah,

Lance Binder  21:56  
yeah, my wife had had free tickets to go see Joe Walsh and Tom Benny, and for some reason we were busy and we said, "How we missed it? We didn't go. Garden was fantastic. And then shortly after, yeah, you didn't get to lose guns. Yeah,

Adam Denk  22:12  
I I promised myself from then on. I would always go to a concert, no matter what. I broke that rule once recently, and I regret I did it because it was actually was seeing LCD sounds like a second time at the Hollywood Bowl. You know, since it's a larger venue, I thought the whole thing with them is like you really do like get into like dancing around and just like hanging out with people, and it's just like a very social fun experience. 5000 trucks. I thought, well, it's the Hollywood Bowl. Most people like sit at the Hollywood Bowl. Like, I don't see a lot of people moving around or like that's talking and walking around and like looking at the place. So I'm like, I won't go. Of course, the algorithm sends me footage that people took, and it was a party. It was a party. Like I'm, I got a little headache. I don't feel like I'll drive down LA right now. So once again, reinforce from now on. Do another one. Exactly.

Arian Kennedy  23:08  
I think I need to start adopting that because I saw Leslie Odom Jr. was going to be in Nashville doing a Christmas show, and I was like, I just can't swing it because it was going to be on a weekday, and I was like, I probably could have. I mean, I like I had PTO time, like I could have gone in, and it was Nashville. Like it's it's fine. Like then I was like, no, I just don't want to. I don't want to do that. Then I'm like, that's not going to come to Nashville again, probably for a while. And I was like, I really enjoy his Christmas album too. It's amazing. So I'm like kind of kicking myself a little bit over that.

Bill Denk  23:38  
I think too. I think we moved to California. No, when I sent this, Brandon sent me a message yesterday saying, "So if you guys didn't know, he said, 'I didn't know Adam is your son. So, but

Bill Denk  23:52  
when we were growing up, when he was growing up on the East Coast, bands didn't come around that often.

Adam Denk  23:59  
No,

Bill Denk  24:00  
and before, like everybody's coming, right? So, I remember you talking about going to a concert that you were there, like one of your first concerts in L.A. You were super excited to see whoever it was, but there were two girls behind you that were like talking to the whole. That was

Adam Denk  24:14  
a Fleet Fox's show. We got notice, please, and they just were just talking. There was even one cell. I don't even know who this band is. The highlight though for me of that was the lead singer Beach House, where they were just chatting loudly to the whole set. Was Beach House's her voice being so powerful that she just drowned them out? Yeah, you know the entire exactly. chill, like if all was made into this. Is it beach

Lance Binder  24:49  
house? Yeah, it's almost

Zack (MRP)  24:51  
it's almost sweet pocket scene. Is

Lance Binder  24:53  
it beach house the band of some pronounced guy? It's his own vehicle. Maybe I hit the band wrong, but if it's a female singer, I probably have it. It's a female singer, but the Tarsus guy, Victoria LeBran. She was even talking about like moving to LA. Oh no! She still liked LA. Why? We should probably try to leave here, walking out here like at night at about 1215.

Andrew Goeken  25:33  
Okay. Okay. Have to

Lance Binder  25:34  
get over to.

Arian Kennedy  25:35  
Are y'all gonna hate me if I don't do the applicant? Why don't you

Lance Binder  25:39  
stay here and catch up on work area?

Arian Kennedy  25:41  
That would be amazing if I could do that.

Speaker 1  25:43  
You do what you need to do. I'm totally

Speaker 3  25:45  
gonna judge you the entire time I'm going.

Arian Kennedy  25:47  
Please do. Talk to a whole bunch of. If they saw me over at Apple, they'd be like, "You are insane. Go do your work. So I'm really just saving face. And like as I've gotten older, I've really done like being around a lot of people in a like a close setting like that. I just get a little bit of anxiety, and so I haven't gone too many shows, and especially like super big ones, I'm like, oh, of course, it'd be amazing. Yeah, like I would, I would love to see T-Pain. Do y'all want to see a T-Pain crowd? Don't know about that. I would love to see Bruno Mars. Do y'all want to see a Bruno Mars crowd? It's

Speaker 6  26:34  
gonna be fun. I think it would be

Arian Kennedy  26:36  
an amazing show, but I don't know if I would be around that many people. Like, I mean, as far as like the people themselves, I'm sure the vibes are great. But like once it gets to the point, like trying to leave,

Adam Denk  26:46  
yeah,

Arian Kennedy  26:47  
or like if like how old are you, Arian? Like I've had two kids. The anxiety level changes a little bit with that.

Andrew Goeken  26:59  
I have no kids, and that still doesn't sound like that. I've been doing concerts for the same. Whenever

Adam Denk  27:05  
I'm leaving a concert, I like give myself up to the stack parking experience of being like, that is the worst possible experience that could happen. Being stuck for like four hours, and I was like, okay, well, that's just my expectation leaving for now. So anything under like four hours, I'm like,

Speaker 4  27:20  
you're good. We're good. My

Zack (MRP)  27:22  
wife also likes Taylor Swift, and we went to a Taylor Swift show. I was made amazing. I get very seats, and we were like front and center. But yeah, leaving took about three and a half hours to get out of parking lot.

Adam Denk  27:36  
We just saw a week or two ago Noah Kahn, Gigi Perez. Fantastic show. Some of them was both perfect venue, great seats. We took the shuttle there. We learned, and even the shuttle system was so backed up. It's a 90,000 person seat was so backed up that the busses were stopping 10 minutes from like walking no like 20 minutes walking distance from the actual car park that you might have gone to, and you played walk or something. Right, it was just crazy. And then people were walking the 45 minutes from the stadium to their Damn, that's why I don't go to shows. The one

Lance Binder  28:27  
Stockholm, which was packed in a huge arena, but everybody was on trains. That's awesome. It was the whole place was on trains. Now they had to add trains, and instead of doing one train this way, one train this way, done all the training, go down. Okay. We had to wait a minute, but it was in a group of people who just been to a killer show, and the weather was it was 10:30 at night in June, and so the sun hadn't set yet. Oh, nice. Okay. It never really quite goes down there. So yeah, and you just got on a train. Party at

Arian Kennedy  28:58  
that point. Yeah. You were a

Speaker 3  29:00  
sardine, and then you watched sardine in that train, wasn't you?

Lance Binder  29:02  
little bit. It wasn't terrible.

Speaker 3  29:05  
I got a. But it wasn't stuck in

Speaker 6  29:06  
traffic.

Speaker 3  29:06  
I got COVID in England when I was training. There was a time where everybody was packed like a sardine.

Lance Binder  29:16  
Bill, I mentioned in the church when we were out, is that we should probably leave here at like 12:15 to get over to not playing for Austin to

Bill Denk  29:23  
do the tour. So on on the

Speaker 3  29:31  
same offer, Chris. Yeah, I've got. I told you I've been forced to know that it's easy concert. Did you? Did you now? Is it improved? Are you sure

Bill Denk  29:56  
about that? You wanted to approve. Yeah. NSL skit a number of years back when FedEx was doing other big advertising probably about 1020 years back, and they had this. The premise of the skit was a company that delivers your products, but it's late. So, like when you're late getting something out, and you they'll take the blame, and they'll come up there with stickers like it had gone all over the world, or the package we banged up or whatever else. So you could have kind of the same thing. It's an excuse, kind of sorry. So, have any of you had an opportunity to sit in and play with another band that you liked?

Lance Binder  30:55  
I sit. I sit in with bands quite a bit. I mean, just friends of mine. I did it when I was in South Texas Saturday night. It was fine. It's police. It's an AC/DC.

Bill Denk  31:05  
That's cool.

Lance Binder  31:06  
Play, play bass and singing.

Bill Denk  31:08  
Have you ever met anybody that you made famous that you were like, "Oh wow, that's Christmas.

Lance Binder  31:13  
Oh well, yeah, I played in a band at the Sands event down in Cancun. There's a whole bunch of you know has been 80s, early 90s bands. It was a huge event, but the band Poolside, that's the band that I was in, we backed Tommy Tutso. Oh

Adam Denk  31:32  
wow!

Lance Binder  31:33  
So you know 8675309. Oh yeah, 80s, yeah. We we played four songs.

Bill Denk  31:37  
My wife's number, wife's song number when she was growing up, was 8575309.

Speaker 3  31:44  
Really? Speaking of science, I use that number every time I'm doing testing. I have to put in a phone number. 675309. Those days that

Lance Binder  31:50  
you're the days that you're taking off. Yeah, that's I'm going to be in Cancun for that same day. Which ones? The October. The October. Oh, those are the oh you can you put in multiples yeah October is the marathon DC the Marine Corps thing we put it on the calendar I did

Bill Denk  32:15  
so you would rather do a marathon than DC DC concert

Speaker 3  32:17  
I'm not doing a marathon she's also driving you there

Arian Kennedy  32:21  
he drinks at the very bottom. I'm doing the

Speaker 3  32:24  
5K though for

Arian Kennedy  32:26  
the the West thing. The West thing.

Speaker 3  32:27  
That's

Arian Kennedy  32:28  
awesome. Awesome.

Bill Denk  32:30  
Yeah, they have a turkey truck. Oh yeah, Thanksgiving point.

Speaker 3  32:35  
Yeah, I mean I love. I just said growing up, I was hair hairbands, heavy metal, talcite, and like I said, I was in a Cookie Monster band. I got into death metal, but I never did like the ZDC. I never did like AZB. Something about them just.

Bill Denk  32:51  
What about Hay Dixie? Have you heard Hayesey Dixie? No. Oh, it's like a cover band.

Andrew Goeken  33:00  
They cover that?

Bill Denk  33:01  
Well, they do. They sing like AC/DC, and they're intentionally named AC Dixie for that reason. And it's really kind of twangy kind of country music, just like maybe

Speaker 3  33:13  
that's why I like it because I don't I don't like the twangy country music. A lot of Southern rock and AC/DC that kind of have the same twangy country. He also

Lance Binder  33:26  
doesn't like Led Zeppelin, so that doesn't. What does that say about his name?

Andrew Goeken  33:29  
Does he like

Lance Binder  33:29  
Freebird?

Andrew Goeken  33:30  
I feel like that's Twinkie. That's Southern Rock. Yeah. Did you have to? Did you have

Bill Denk  33:35  
to dance to Stairway to Heaven when you were in middle school? I'm not. Only the slow part. That was the most awkward song. They played as the last song when I was in middle school for us to dance to. It starts off, you know, with the there's a lady, so you're dancing like slowly with the person. Then it starts kicking in. Yeah, like one of the most

Lance Binder  33:57  
iconic guitar solos of all time.

Speaker 6  34:01  
Yeah, slow dance.

Andrew Goeken  34:04  
Yeah, I guess that's the good thing about the high school area that I grew up in. Went to dances; they played dance music, not

Arian Kennedy  34:11  
like Soldier Boy. Yeah, that's dance music.

Andrew Goeken  34:16  
Yeah, 100%

Zack (MRP)  34:18  
The janitor was the DJ.

Andrew Goeken  34:20  
Soldier. It was a time

Zack (MRP)  34:28  
really big in 2008. There's

Arian Kennedy  34:30  
a dance for for a song.

Andrew Goeken  34:33  
I mean, I still love that song when it comes on. If I dance in it and it comes on, I'm like 100.

Arian Kennedy  34:39  
There's you know part of me that like Chris Brown songs come on and I'm like I want to sing this song like that dude's a terrible person

Andrew Goeken  34:46  
like I hate this guy so she's like hating the arc here

Speaker 6  34:53  
we go yeah yeah

Bill Denk  34:56  
well I think the thing too is that you. The reason I like senior songwriters is because I feel like there's meaning within the song of that person, and if it's if it aligns with what you think, then it just gives you a better sense. But when you have the songwriter, that you know that's a tough part. I still still think about Michael Jackson. I I don't know the story behind Michael Jackson?

Speaker 4  35:21  
Yeah,

Bill Denk  35:22  
but I like the music. It's a great song.

Andrew Goeken  35:25  
Yeah, I mean, there's even rumors about Paul Simon not being great. Yeah, yeah, don't do that. I love Paul. I know there

Lance Binder  35:34  
was about Bowie back in the '80s. Yeah, I mean, there's always been favorites of all time. Some

Andrew Goeken  35:38  
negative. I

Speaker 6  35:39  
I've

Andrew Goeken  35:40  
been watching Community and you know all the stuff that they talk about. Yeah, Chevy Chase, all the Chevy Chase stuff.

Lance Binder  35:50  
Haven't heard any dirt on Randy Newman yet. He's maybe my favorite composer, writer, singer-not singer, but he loves. That's one

Andrew Goeken  36:01  
of my favorite songs of all time. Yes, my dad used to play that in the car when we were growing up, probably to like keep you humble. Yeah. Well, you're gonna be short, and it wasn't a

Speaker 6  36:13  
novelty song. You know, it's about this prejudice. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah,

Andrew Goeken  36:17  
and it's such a good one to use of like, okay, we can kind of make fun of them and then apply that to everything. Yeah, the guys are. All right. Well, I

Adam Denk  36:33  
guess

Unknown Speaker  36:33  
I can. Do you want to meet?

