Bill Denk  1:00  
Take the Hey, how are you?

Speaker 1  2:57  
Hey, how's it going, Bill?

Bill Denk  2:58  
Okay, thanks. I wonder if it might have been because it came from my California Storyboards account, and that's my other company, and oh yeah, no worries, yeah. So, thanks for connecting. Good to see you.

Speaker 1  3:09  
Good to see you. How's it

Bill Denk  3:11  
going? Going well. So, are you in LA or

Speaker 1  3:14  
LA?

Bill Denk  3:14  
Okay. All right, so I'll be coming up that way Sunday to meet with an artist, and I'll be back up there on Wednesday to meet with the LA mission, so that'll be good. Oh, very cool. So we do kind of a cool thing where we might be able to, we've already actually done it, where for Nick Carter, we asked him to choose a nonprofit that he cared about, and so he is at the Kids Mental Health Foundation, so we gave money out of our pocket for every unit that was sold to them, so we gave them several $1,000 a few months ago, and so that's

Speaker 1  3:48  
really awesome.

Bill Denk  3:49  
Thanks for putting a component to be able to do that, so that artist has an authentic connection with they care about the important thing is I don't want, like, like, sorry, one of the things with, like, one of the things with Nick was that, so when we did this album, so we did this double LP for Love Life Tragedy, and I'm embarrassed to say that, knew who Nick was, I know who the Bachelor's Boys are, yeah, but I've not been in the music business for the last four or so years, and when she told me the story about what it was about, and about his brother passing away, and some other things that happened in his life, that's when I said, "Well, can we do anything to donate or contribute? And that's so when we did that, and saw that it was the PR team found we were doing it, they said, "Oh, we can use that to tell what you guys are doing. I'm like, "I'm not really doing it for that, really doing it because we just want to do it, you know? Yeah, I said, "Nick wants to do it. I don't care if he says it's coming from him, that's fine. But that's not the reason we're doing it. So, so I think they did it like on one podcast that he was on, and then they didn't do anything else that he promoted, but. From our perspective, I truly don't care if anybody ever hears that we do it. I just want to find out if the artist has a connection with a nonprofit that they care about, and let's see what we can do, because the other part too is if the nonprofit - I've talked to some nonprofits who said I'm sorry to an artist who said you know her name and she said, well, I know the card, and I'm thinking Nick's big, but you're bigger than a card. She said, but so how do I increase the reach of my audience? And that's when I started thinking, well, wow, if we could do something with the nonprofit where we can help people to create awareness about them through the artist, and then they have a reach out to their their donors, yeah, and they can say, "Hey, listen, this is someone who has a meaningful and authentic whatever about us. And then that can help to drive some, some more awareness about the artist, yeah. So it could be kind of a good fit for them. So it's a

Speaker 1  5:57  
great idea. I love it.

Bill Denk  5:58  
Thanks. Yeah, if you don't mind, I'll take you through a little bit of deck, if that helps to kind of show we come from, we're doing stuff, and, and so the just share the Zoom here, and I'm Dana Point, if I didn't say that already, so I'm not that far from you.

Speaker 1  6:18  
Yeah, I've been there a couple times, just because I'm a few friends from Orange County,

Bill Denk  6:23  
so, um, all right, can you see my screen? Everything okay?

Speaker 1  6:28  
Yeah, okay.

Bill Denk  6:30  
So, so basically our goal is to help you increase sales and decrease risk, and you know, and as I've learned more about the music business, and it's just, I should have backed up and say that I've had eight startups, eight startups over the last few decades. I've exited from six of them. I still have two, and this is one of them. And when I did this, I was doing something in the film space, and I sold that company to do this, but I'm still going to do film around it. And I talked to someone through the SBDC, the Small Business Development Center from the SBA, he was in the music business. His name is Bob Devney, or Div, he goes by, and he worked for Warner Music, and has Pasadena Records, and so on. And he said, "You thought about the music business? And I'm like, "No, what's happening with the music business? And he started to tell me about it, and the more I researched, I'm like, "Oh, wow, I think we can kind of provide a solution here, so what I saw, you know, these things, these are things you already know, which is, you know, that I'll talk about the problem, the solution, then, and then talk about this case study, but you know, vinyl album in 1971 either great around the 40s, it was a great opportunity for music on demand. I didn't have to physically be present with the artist when they were playing, but by that 70s and its first heyday, so artists didn't label the rights holders, they might make around five bucks in today's dollars, that's $24 you know. And then we, but the problem was that the album's not really that portable, you can take it to a friend's house, but you can't play it in your car, you can't take it on a jog, so then you know the Walkman came out in around 1989 you know, eight bucks in today's dollars is 2029 so there's a bit of a dip, and that 2920 29 went down to around 2009 in today's dollars with a compact disc, and then we went from Music as a product to Musik as a download, and now that's $1.23 in today's dollars. Split the album apart, and so for fans, fans love this because they're not even seeing most fans aren't even seeing that there's any issue, because they're like, well, artists wouldn't do this if they're not making money at it, you know. Now we got streaming, which is three tenths of a penny per stream, and you know there's the 32nd rule. If it's under 29 seconds, you're not paid. There's 1000 plays rule, which, if there's not 1000 plays in that song, and rolling trouble, you're not paid. So, you know, so the curve, you know, for for for fans is going like this. I get the world's music for like 10 bucks a month. The curve for artists is going like this, getting asked to nothing for

Speaker 1  9:07  
certainly,

Bill Denk  9:08  
yeah. So, what do we do? So, what I, what I saw was that artists had shifted to vinyl, and every year since 2006 you know, rose to $1.5 billion in revenue, but one of the things that I also saw was that only represented 14% of our artists, like what happened to the other, you know, the other 86% of people. Well, 54% can't afford it. And what I found was that if there's a minimum of 300 units by a by a press and it's 15 bucks on average, there's $4,500 out of pocket. If they can only sell 100 then they've lost, you know, $3,000 that they paid, or they have inventory just sitting around. And if it's, if they could have sold 1000 but they could only afford 300 then they've lost that opportunity, they. There, for that revenue, but even for those who can afford it, vinyl takes time through creating press-worthy art, overseeing manufacturing, you know, this streaming is competitive against it. When do I put it out versus the streaming of the song, creating a storefront, customer service, vendor payments, fulfillment? So, there's a lot of that. So, what I did was, I put together something where we basically take care of this, so we do it all, so there's zero out of pocket for the vinyl, and then we do all the create the press radio art, oversee manufacturing, and all the rest, and the other part that I saw was that pre-tech platforms own the relationship with the artist audience, whether it's Spotify or Apple, or whoever it might be, Meta, and so on, and so a lot of the artists were trying to give away Music for free, and we're like, hey, we don't think that way, we think that we wouldn't be anything if it wasn't for the artist and the fans, so there's 100% access to all the fans, and basically what the artists will do is they'll send us their, their artwork and their music, and then we'll provide a dedicated page they can share out on Instagram or social media, email, and so on, and then, and then the sales come through, and so when they, when there are a couple things with that, one is when they come through, then the artist can say, "Okay, well, I thought it was going to sell 600 units, but I sold 974 so there's money sitting there from the fan payments. So now what do you do? Well, you can say, 'I'll do 1000 units, I've got an extra 26 when I sell those, I'm going to make 19.8k because there's 19k cash earned, as an example, but other artists are kind of like, well, you don't actually, I want to sell some at shows or fulfill over time. So, instead of taking all the cash out, what I'm going to do is I'm going to get an extra 526 I'll get a better price point, say at 1500 and then once I sell them all, I'm going to get an even greater value, and so, so when you do it that way, it takes time for the fans to get it, because we order the vinyl after and during the process. So, what do fans, what happens for them? Well, for us, we have a private player that we created where fans get instant gratification. So, the moment that they buy it, they have access to the music before it goes out on streaming, and they can listen to it only if they have access and they own it, then artists like Nick have put out, you know, videos or photos that maybe aren't on things that are that are on, sorry, their, their social media, and so on, plus you have this thing called a good deed over on the left there, which I'll explain, but and when it comes to the money, there's a, we provide two times publishing, so it's not three tenths of a penny, it's 12.7 cents, which is the standard down for publishing for vinyl, and then 12.7 cents for digital, so it's double publishing, we have a small per unit flat fee, and then there's also zero credit card markup, so what Stripe charges us, we charge the artist, and then there's also zero vinyl markup.

Bill Denk  13:07  
This is really important to me, because if an artist came to us to say, "Listen, we have this manufacturer we work with, we love them, we're they're great, we have great relationship, we didn't want to say, "Oh, you have to get like our stuff, we want to say, "Great, we'll work with them, not a problem. And for artists who are kind of like, well, I'm not really sure who to go to. Then we have plants that we can suggest, whether it's like Memphis Record Pressing, or could be PMP in Nashville, or or so on. And then there's no markup, and we've been very clear with them that when we're being quoted prices, we want the same price as if the artist was coming to you directly, and in some cases with the volume that we'll do, they'll provide us some discount on the back end, but we want to make sure it was really important that the artist and label paid no more money that they went directly. So we also have this thing called a good deed certificate, and what's really cool about it is that every fan gets one, and it's free when they buy it, it has their name on it, it's also numbered, it has a QR code that, when you hit the QR code, the fans can see that they actually own that, and you can see, like, someone behind you, so these are like it perfectly in, like, an eight by 10 mat, and then, but then the other part, too, is that the artist can sell a printed one, right? So you can have the person's name, their information, signature on it. And we found that when we did this with Nick, the fan said that they like this better than signed albums, and we're like, why? And they said, well, first of all, if I have a signed album, I feel like I can't ever touch it again, like I have to put in a frame somewhere, or if I slide it in and out of my other albums. It's losing the signature every time it does it, and then on the artist and label side, we found that they liked it, because you know, if you have to ship this, you've got the weight of shipping it versus shipping a piece of paper, right? And on top of that, there's potential damage that can happen, and it just. More cumbersome to try and ship that as well, plus signing this means the person's name and number are there, so the chances of them putting this on eBay and reselling it is pretty low, so but that's an opportunity to pick up like an extra $15 so if you sell that for 25 bucks or 20 bucks, whatever, there's an extra 10 or 15 bucks you can, you can pick up her unit. So, basically, we've de-risked this for artists and labels. We provided two times publishing. We do all the work, provide instant gratification for fans. There's intelligent ordering, additional revenue, as well as 100% fan access. And then here's the case study I was talking about Nick Carter, and he had this one asked where he wanted to do hit six LP, six songs that he did like as a comic book, but no comic book existed. This is just art put together by the folks that did it, and when we looked at where it came in the top and where it came in the bottom with each page as it turned, we saw it was kind of like a square, and so we said, Why don't we do this? Why don't we just not recreate three of the wheel? Let's create this kind of cool vinyl thing that you could now have, where your fans can buy it, have it as a collectible, and then you have this, you know, plastic here, yeah,

Speaker 2  16:16  
you

Bill Denk  16:16  
have this that opens, you have your story inside here. What we did was we kept it really true to what the video was, we just added in some of the lyrics and stuff and did it in a way that didn't look crazy or anything, and so then we also have this seven inch thing here, and then you have the fastest two sides, so we sold those for 2495 and I think we probably could have sold them for 30 bucks, because fans absolutely loved it, and they got the instant gratification of the digital music right away. We did it with all six of them, and we spaced them like two weeks apart, two, three weeks apart, and and that's what we say when people use us with good tools for doing stuff, is we're not looking to be replaced Spotify or anything like that, we're just saying, hey, just have the private player with us for the couple of weeks while you're selling them, have a sunset, sunrise date, sunset date, and whether it's, you know, single LP or or these type, and then, and then once that's done, then you just move out to Spotify and stuff like you'd want to, but this way you have your super fans buying first, and they have every incentive to do it, because they can't hear it on Spotify yet or streaming services, and then you push it out there for the casual fans to be able to listen to, and so what we found with the revenue for Nick was he had actually pushed his out to streaming first, and so this represents 16 songs over three months, and each one of these six over here is just two of those songs that were here, the revenue he made from that, so he outperformed three months of revenue, plus he didn't have to wait a year to get paid, he got paid in weeks, and then on top of that, then we did the double LP, that that was 16 songs for two weeks, and when he did his, his and his additive to Spotify, which is really important. And then we did his good deed. He sold his 400 bucks a piece, because he's De Carter, right? So, and he limited the number he sold, and when you divided that over all of the units he sold, he earned an additional 1750 per unit on average. Now, we charge $4.50 per unit for all the stuff we do, so he netted 1250 per unit on average on what he did, without having to do anything other than, and his team actually were the ones who sent us the, the, the assets and stuff, so he didn't have to do that either, and fans took their good deed, and not only on their, not only in when they completed the collection, but we were really thought was really cool if they actually downloaded it, they screenshot it, and they pushed it up on social media to help amplify it, saying, 'Hey, initially it was I'm number 34 I'm number 10, I'm number whatever, and then it was, 'Hey, I've completed my collection. And then we did some boxing, that some tape and stuff that was like the like the cartoons and stuff, and things that were in there, and so fans did these kind of cool unboxing videos, which also helped to expand that out to let people know these are just a couple of them, so, so in the end, you know, we could do custom solutions, fan amplification tools, and there's also extended engagement as well, so, and a real quick thing about us, so if you don't recognize some of the names down here, like Ty Roberts or Richard Burgess, who was part of a two, I am, he was the CEO there for 10 years, Dick Wingate, Albie Gluten, who did Saturday Night Fever, what was one of the albums he did a long time ago, that was his first career, he was doing stuff with John, the Bee Gees, Kenny Rogers, Dolly Parton, and so on, but it was important to me to have a good set of people that could help us move forward. So, in 2024 we, I built the foundation of the company.

Bill Denk  19:50  
By 2025 I was doing a digital only release to see how that performed, and then we did the Nick Carter thing in late 2025 and early 2026 Yes, and now what's happening is we're reconnecting with all the people we've talked to over the last 18 months to say, hey, we told you we're going to do this, we beat what we told you we would do, and here's, here's, here's what's happening now, so and so we're doing direct outreach, manufacturing partners, industry organizations, distribution partners, and, like I mentioned, the brands and charity partnerships, because most brands have the partnerships, so then the in most cases the artist will be able to have the double whammy of the brand pushing out as well as the charity partnerships, and so we built this this system, so it's pretty simple for to be added, so for example, if I went in here into our system, and and Nina Sidka come in here and say it'll search through our API on Spotify, actually pull her in there, find her on Apple Music as well, and the reason for that is because what I'd like to do is add something very, very short future, where basically, if we want to pull from Apple Music or from Spotify, or wherever it might be, the person uses it, that if they buy the album on Good Tunes, and they're like, oh, well, I don't know who this person is, they can click, and then they'll be able to go directly to Spotify, driving streams and awareness there as well, but for us, there's, you know, clicking on adding an album, choosing whatever the album will be called, and it's pretty simple to add it in, get quick quotes like what's the new album going to be called,

Speaker 1  21:32  
California,

Bill Denk  21:33  
California, it's all one word, lowercase l, right,

Speaker 1  21:40  
all it's fine, but we're stylizing all

Bill Denk  21:43  
caps,

Speaker 1  21:43  
yeah, one word, all caps, right?

Bill Denk  21:47  
Yeah, and that can always be changed afterwards, anyway. And this isn't committing, and I'm just showing you example how this works. So, there's good tunes direct, if it's a single LP, let's say, then we kind of pop this in here until we choose where the artwork is that we can drag and drop here, but if there, how many tracks will you have?

Speaker 1  22:02  
Well,

Bill Denk  22:03  
okay, so 12 tracks. Then what that does is we can get pricing like you're gonna sell for 35 bucks or $30 What we've done is we talked to the presses and we're now we now have them inputting all their data in here, so that now if we wanted to make a packet here, choose all presses freeze. example, and let's go here, so then we can do is come to here, and let's say that if you want to price at 35 bucks, you can see what the price would be if you're going to duplicate it, and say, well, here's what it would be if it was $30 so now you can get a price on that, and you can see what the per unit pricing would be. The other part we can do is we can do something like if it's using Hell Bender vinyl as the basic basis, we can actually come and see match across presses, so now can go to different presses like viral and other ones to see if they have something that's compatible, or if you say, well, I really like to do like this splatter mix, or whatever. Now you can see that the pricing is now adjusted. You see your profit, profit, and so on. So our whole goal here is not really to say here's an exact quote of what it's going to be. It's really to say here's an estimate of so you can dial in your pricing and see what your profits going to be, and then you just know that anything above that's going to be less money, you know, there'll be some freight depending on the carrier, but basically this is the price you're going to pay with those folks, and we can also do is like on the good deed certificate, if you say that you want to add it and you're priced at 25 bucks and you figure that you'll just do 20% of whatever you sell, then you'll see you'd have 1197 of profit in addition, so now you can see what the total revenue would be with at $30 at $35 if you want to duplicate it again and say, let's, what happens if I do it for 35 then 500 units, or if you want to do it again, and let's see if we do it at 35 and we do it 1000 units. So now you get an idea how the price would come in. And then, as far as getting this stuff up and running in the system, we can basically just pop in, click on upload multiple tracks. We can pull from a Dropbox thing that goes through the process and actually will even do the karaoke style lyrics, so that it's a lot of really cool things I can share with you, but, but I've been talking a long time, so glad to answer any questions you have, or

Speaker 1  24:33  
yeah, no, it's, it's really awesome. So essentially, you take care of, like, like you work with all these different presses, you charge 450 as your service fee for handling, like I guess the creation process, but also the fan engagement, like with your app, and yeah, it's really cool, it's really like the software looks great, the UI looks great. It very impressed, actually, by the by the the website specifically, and that looks cool. I mean, so in our case, for example, let's just say I think one of your core features looks like it's allowing fans to pre, you know, purchase the album, and then you can order based on demand, which is great, so you don't under or over order, but let's just say, like, we, we have our album coming out in August. It's coming out most likely august 14. We're trying to get the album in our hands by the time that comes out, but it will likely have to be a little later, because I know the earliest quote I got was for like eight weeks out, so but let's just say it's eight weeks from when we submit it, I don't know, this week, like I guess Good Tunes would handle like the Shopify integration, because we have a pre-order link coming up. Is that how it would integrate into it? Tunes,

Bill Denk  26:10  
yeah. So, normally we do is we have our share one here with the URL, so here's here is a URL that we have with for the thing that we've done with Night Bird, right? So we kind of, here's what you get, people can actually click on it, they can see what's going to be part of the package, and so on, and go through the go through that process, plus if they close this out, they can get the 32nd previews. We're not previewing the one at the top here, just because it's like it's a message from her. She passed away a number of years ago. She was on America's Got Talent. That was her fifth year anniversary than it. So, so basically, but you can preview these songs if you want, and then so so fans can see that they click to buy when they do, they can choose more than one if they want, and let's say if I chose to click add to the bag, then I can get a signed good deed certificate. Now her family is going to sign this for them, because a lot of people won't like the family members, so if they, if they have, they can get one or they can get two, but if they only purchase two, they can't get more than two, right? So, that's that's what the limit is. And if there's a hard limit of only 20% of what sells, or you know, I only want to sign 100 of them, then we'll just limit it to 100 right. And then we added another component here for gifting hope, which is they have a package that goes out to women who have cancer, and so people can donate to do that if they want to, but normally we just go from that to the good deed, and maybe if there's other merch or something, we can always add that on, but so we have that set up so that they can send the link out directly to here to have fans go there and make that purchase,

Speaker 1  27:57  
right, and so in this case it's also not. It's your own custom platform, like there's no Shopify integration with our Shopify store,

Bill Denk  28:08  
correct? But there are some cases where we talked to some labels who said to us, you know, we do everything, like we do the fulfillment, we get the final, we do everything, and so, but we really like the idea of your digital component as well as the good deed, and be able to sell that, and so we've set up a Shopify integration, so that we would be able to link into their site, they could sell the good deed, have the digital download right away, and then they would take care of all the manufacturing and fulfillment, everything themselves on the other side,

Speaker 1  28:40  
because right now we're working with a new e-com marketing, I guess, company who's helping us set up the pre-orders, and everything is going to be run off Shopify. I think that's kind of like a non-negotiable part of the service, because everything from not just our upcoming vinyl, but also we have our CDs, also we have like merch t-shirts, whatever, that's all going to be run on our Shopify backend, so so there's currently no way to integrate like what your service does with the Shopify store right now.

Bill Denk  29:16  
Oh, we can, we can do is we can integrate the part where you do the presale and and we have the digital component and then the good deed can be for sale for sign to sign good de so basically it's a hand off that when you get to the end of when the sales process ends it'll see they get they get a receipt or on the last page they click here to get your free access to Muzik, or your access music, because they pay for it. And then they'll just go in, and they'll sign in, and you know, create an account with us. When they do, they'll have a good deed that they can print out themselves, or if they chose to get the signed good deed, then that's going to be something that will have tracked as well. So, we'll know what needs to be printed for that.

Speaker 1  29:58  
So, okay. It's okay, you know, like, I would,

Bill Denk  30:03  
we, I would say,

Speaker 1  30:04  
like,

Bill Denk  30:05  
without, we're, we're charging like 350 per unit, just because we're not doing all the other stuff, yeah,

Speaker 1  30:12  
yeah, okay, I mean, if you could just email me, just that, like, info, so I can forward that to Nina for just that portion, that'd be great, but yeah, for us, I think, because our entire strategy hinges on the spot of the Shopify component, along with meta ads that we're using to drive people to do the pre-order. Sure, I think we'll have to stick with that, because we literally just built all of that out, yeah, but I still take a look at that, and I mean, really, props to like everything you guys are doing, it looks great, it feels great, it's very well thought out. Thank you. So, yeah, definitely send me the info for that, I think they'd be curious to see about the good deeds, for sure. Okay, cool. Well,

Bill Denk  31:04  
yeah,

Speaker 1  31:04  
I guess my question is to, I mean, do you see like turnaround times under eight weeks right now? Is that like even possible?

Bill Denk  31:17  
There are some, there are some presses that we've talked to that, have said to us, listen, if you have an artist that gets in a bind, let us know, and we'll see what we can do to get the stuff turned around more quickly.

Speaker 1  31:29  
Yeah, okay, all right. Good to know. Appreciate that, and we will certainly be in touch if we're interested in integrating the good de good de

Bill Denk  31:41  
Shopify thing should be pretty straightforward. Again, it also provides the music, so fans can listen to me without downloading it. Don't be able to hear it right away, but I was going to say, I mean, you guys have done an amazing job with the logo, with the branding, with the instant. I mean, I was super impressed with the fact that when I followed, then I got a message that came in, missing automagically, kind of coming in there to engage the fan too. Even the quality of the video and even the story that you're telling, I've always been a big proponent of telling people, listen, if you are my other business is helping people tell their story with their decks and video and so on, and I've always been a big proponent of telling people, you know, push out the image that you want to be, not because you think I'm a small artist just starting right here, do it like you're your Adele, or whoever the artist might be. Yeah, so that people, that's the way they're going to see you, and it's so important to do it. You guys have really been achieving that through everything that I've seen, it's really cool.

Speaker 1  32:42  
Thank you. I appreciate it. I mean, it's a lot of hard work. I do most of the online presence that you see,

Bill Denk  32:48  
yeah,

Speaker 1  32:49  
including photo, video, editing, like it's a lot of work.

Bill Denk  32:53  
Yeah, that's really, yeah. So I appreciate it. Who came up with the idea for the video and the premise for

Speaker 1  33:00  
it? Are you talking about the air solely video? The what? Yeah, that was actually my idea. I wrote the treatment for that. Never had done that before, but hey, there's a first for everything. I wrote the treatment for it. We got some director friends on board, some photographer friends aboard. Of course, during the creative process that changes things, but I wrote the initial treatment and idea, and like the premise of landing in the world of the album, that was my dean,

Bill Denk  33:31  
that is really cool. Yeah, I love that, and it's, and it's, and sometimes I think it's better if you don't know, I mean, that's there's there's discovery part, you're learning all the things, yeah. Oh, wow, I could have done that, whatever. But there's also the part of not knowing, just having the imagination of, here's what I want to see, rather than then kind of dumbing down the idea. Steve Jobs once talked about how I think it was that they had this incredible.. there's a car show someplace, and you saw this card, it was like an incredible concept car, but then you go to the engineers and say, oh, we can't make the hood this way, we can't do this thing. By the time you see it actually come out for real, it looks like crap, you know. And the thing is that having somebody who's willing to push and say no, but we still need to do this, and this whole essence needs to still, you know, that's a tough part to push back, yeah, but to save you to do, but yeah, but it's, but it's important to have that vision.

Speaker 1  34:26  
Yes, yes, it's, it's, I would have never guessed that we were going to be able to film it at such a high level, and I guess people really like the idea, you know, people liked, like the setting, they liked the vibe, they liked Nina, they like her music, so we were able to pull a lot of people together for really cheap, because that would have cost us 10s of 1000s of dollars easily if we had done it the studio way.

Bill Denk  34:53  
Well, that's the thing about being kind of.. it's almost like being a scrappy startup, right? So you're, yeah, finding ways around it and relation. So people that you met for a while, and kind of pulling it together, you get absolutely super proud of that, because, and all the stuff you've done with, with the brand, and everything, that's really great. Nina should be super excited, I expect, too, with all the work you've done. It's a lot of hard work.

Speaker 1  35:14  
I appreciate that so much, Bill. Yeah, I mean, likewise, like I really mean it, like I was not really knowing what to expect, but the pitch is very polished. We've clearly done this a lot before, and I like the website, the UI, which I usually don't like when it comes to things like this. So, it's really cool. Thank you. Really great execution.

Bill Denk  35:33  
Yeah, and I'll get this stuff sent out to you. And the bottom line is, it always has to be a fit for you. So, first of all, thanks for taking the time to have a conversation, and also don't feel bad if you say, "Hey, listen, this isn't a fit press right now. That's okay, right? But if you find out that there is, I'd love to do something with Shopify, and let's find a way we could do that. And even if, if you're doing Shopify and not doing the vinyl through us, you know, I'm willing to do what I can to help with seeing if we can can get you to a press that can get the stuff kind of get the time frame knocked out.

Speaker 1  36:03  
Cool. Thank you so much. Appreciate that so much.

Bill Denk  36:05  
Cool. All right. Well, then I will get that out to you by the end of tomorrow with the latest. Cool,

Speaker 1  36:11  
that's perfect.

Bill Denk  36:13  
All right, thanks again.

Speaker 1  36:14  
Great, have a good day, Bill. Okay,

Bill Denk  36:16  
bye now.

Speaker 1  36:17  
Bye bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
