Andrew Goeken  0:00  
You take two steps here in San Diego County, and then you're in Orange County, you know, down the street. But is it

Lance Binder  0:05  
on the coast or just just inland from? I'm

Andrew Goeken  0:07  
just inland there on the coast. Okay. So I used to live maybe 10 minutes from from them, and then when I got married, I moved out. Yeah, and I moved from there. A little

Lance Binder  0:16  
warmer in there.

Andrew Goeken  0:17  
Yeah, a lot warmer. Yeah, my wife says close to 100, yeah, close to 100 right now.

Lance Binder  0:22  
Speaking of Queens, did you see they just released another song and announced the album coming out on October 30th? No, holy crap!

Speaker 1  0:28  
Like right now, yeah, like just popped up just now. Are they waiting for Doug? You're

Bill Denk  0:33  
like the opposite of your friend. You tell the good news of things. Yeah, I'm

Speaker 1  0:38  
tracking all the good. You guys already heard about Dolly Parton. Yeah. Yeah, we heard. I saw that. What

Speaker 2  0:43  
she passed? Yeah. Oh, I heard that. Oh no, didn't happen today. Yeah. Oh no. There was like Louis while we were.

Lance Binder  0:50  
Yeah, one of the car. One of the drummers from like a 1980s band. We're on a text straight, and like I said, I think he's a ultra. He's the first one to always send art

Speaker 3  0:58  
in a national story. I know.

Lance Binder  1:00  
That's gonna be a little gloomy umbrella over things. Well, I know, especially in that. I

Bill Denk  1:08  
was thinking

Lance Binder  1:09  
that. Okay, I was going to see if if Bill wanted. I don't know if it's would it make any sense to show how we create a title record and then enter a customer order.

Bill Denk  1:24  
Yeah, if that'd be helpful, pretty much. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:26  
Yeah. Before you guys

Zack (MRP)  1:30  
go, the pricing information is inside Coda, and then I want to talk to you guys about that too. Yeah, sure. Because that will be what you you grab from us with the pricing. By the

Bill Denk  1:39  
way, which size shirt do wear?

Zack (MRP)  1:40  
Medium.

Bill Denk  1:41  
Well, there's three shirts there.

Speaker 3  1:42  
It's a

Speaker 1  1:48  
cool shirt. You'll be back, right, Zach? I'll be back at 30. A Brandon 30. A Brandon 30. No, we'll see you tomorrow.

Speaker 3  1:58  
We'll see you on.

Lance Binder  2:01  
Well, we can go through this stuff, Patty, right?

Speaker 3  2:04  
Yeah, I mean, we're just gonna we're gonna go start and finish up creating the NYP number. The customer, actually, we'll start at the customer, right? We'll start the very beginning. Oh

Lance Binder  2:11  
yeah, so let's do that. Let's let's create a good tunes customer and test. So Daniel's the test guy, so he can do all this stuff. See.

Speaker 3  2:23  
So the very first part in the process, we can't do anything until we have a customer.

Speaker 4  2:33  
We got our silly label and label groups, which we have to figure that that's going to always work.

Speaker 3  2:39  
In which case, I guess we're going to call Digims a broker.

Lance Binder  2:43  
Yeah. Yes. Aaron, we're creating a customary test called Digiz.

Arian Kennedy  2:53  
Cool. Bill,

Speaker 4  2:54  
what's your phone number? We're giving you

Arian Kennedy  2:59  
a we're giving you an investment.

Lance Binder  3:04  
Not MRP because we're going to source brand.

Speaker 5  3:16  
What's the price of tier?

Zack (MRP)  3:21  
Sorry,

Lance Binder  3:21  
that's a different price. We talked about it earlier. Pricing one tends to be for our major clients. Is it is it lower pricing or is it higher price breaks or lower price breaks for quantities?

Arian Kennedy  3:33  
The price breaks are the same except for one of our clients, but just a you know a better rate.

Lance Binder  3:39  
Better rates are different rates. That's not illegal. I don't know.

Arian Kennedy  3:44  
I'm not.

Speaker 4  3:45  
What's that term called about rail tax?

Arian Kennedy  3:51  
I'm not the someone who makes those calls. So, for

Bill Denk  3:56  
example, by the way, for our thing, what we do, what I I talked to Brand about was like you would charge. I don't know how it works. I don't know the best way to work this out, but the idea behind it is we our price is the same price as the customer phase, so there's no markup from us. So if they came to you directly, that's what they would pay, and then for volume or whatever else, if there's a discount on the back end for us, terrific. But I don't know how that would work on if you need us to go the opposite, which is you give us a different rate, and then we have to bump the rate up to what your normal rate would be.

Lance Binder  4:35  
Definitely a brand word. Yeah. Okay. We don't deal with one inches. Actually, a lot of times when we build stuff, we forget about one answer. Yeah, yeah, we get reminded the client, right? But for the for the purposes here, though, we would have to have you set up because you're the one we'll be taking orders from and and in the billing. You would be the customer. So yeah, we would have to get answers to all this information.

Arian Kennedy  5:07  
Like a PO number that we have to bill against.

Speaker 3  5:10  
No, I'll show a pretty print PO or optional setup PO.

Arian Kennedy  5:15  
Setup PO is just for like the fixed cost. Print PO is just for the print components, like how universal had to be filled or something like that. Yeah,

Lance Binder  5:23  
that was all kind of separate. BS, right? So this would all be needed to be based on the finished good, right?

Speaker 4  5:30  
Okay.

Speaker 3  5:31  
Okay. So now it's set up. Yeah, we have our custom. Where is it? Actually, we have two. We have two. Oh, because we've already done a gig. Yeah, we've already

Andrew Goeken  5:43  
yeah you've already worked with us on Nick Carter's. We did

Bill Denk  5:46  
the Nick Carter WLP, and now we're California Land thing.

Andrew Goeken  5:51  
Yeah, and then recently, taxable

Lance Binder  5:53  
TDD single three days. So let's go down here. Let's get ready to get delete your records. Okay, so this is an indie.

Bill Denk  6:09  
Will we be an indie? We'll be a broker. I think you would

Speaker 3  6:12  
probably be a broker in what we're talking about. But at this time, when you only placed this order apparently a while back, it was a you were an indie.

Speaker 4  6:20  
Yeah, but that's how we sent you on Facebook. Whoever was asking, and this is a

Speaker 3  6:26  
test site, so this hadn't been refreshed. Well, it was refreshed about two weeks ago. Yeah, we talked a while ago. So, all right. So now we're going to get our MRP.

Lance Binder  6:41  
So you're gonna let's say you were gonna I guess send us information I guess manually or emailed at first or something or through an order some some way. Who's your artist? I saw you guys had some made-up stuff on your website too. Did you have an Adam Rocker or something like that?

Andrew Goeken  7:23  
no. If I needed anything else, I forget. Saarian

Lance Binder  7:33  
released the record through you. A rain. A rain.

Andrew Goeken  7:35  
A

Speaker 3  7:36  
rain. I do so much testing that a rain came about because everybody who sends her an email occasionally is dyslexic like me. But you know, speed types and switches and R and date or whatever. So actually, now I am a.

Lance Binder  7:54  
So this is initial information we need to know for this this title.

Speaker 6  7:57  
Yeah, and

Lance Binder  7:58  
it's it's hard data. It's national data, not transaction. It would always. This number that gets assigned is always and forever associated with the single LP 12 inch for whatever this audio

Speaker 3  8:12  
is. So basically, everything we just fill out is basically just the header information. This is what I actually have to have in order to create a marketing number.

Speaker 4  8:19  
Okay.

Speaker 3  8:20  
So I mean, the MRP number is not finished, but it's created. So now I've got client matrix. Client matrix.

Speaker 3  8:27  
What do you

Speaker 7  8:28  
want? What's the catalog matrix? Oh, I don't know. I don't need

Speaker 4  8:31  
matrixes. What? Yeah. This gives us something to refer back to. Not have to. AR 001.

Lance Binder  8:46  
What's the RPM? How long is your record? Is it

Speaker 4  8:49  
33? Are we doing 40,000?

Arian Kennedy  8:52  
I have a lot of musings, so it needs to be 33.

Lance Binder  8:56  
And we are going to write it. So all this information here would need to attach to yet it's attached to the title, not yet to the order. Got it. And how

Bill Denk  9:10  
and how was the hour 123 created? That was just

Speaker 2  9:12  
that was catalog number. That's that's whatever you got or whatever the customer would tell us the catalog number, whatever the client metrics or whatever. Okay. If they don't have one. Just make one.

Arian Kennedy  9:22  
We would we would suggest something to them, but we would still want them to like sign off on it. Yeah. But as far as like the information that would come from the client, it would be the information that we had above. As far as the like the sourced audio and like the plating house-that'd be something like we work out internally. Okay. Well, I mean, you would. The sourced audio is something that we work out together. So if you're sending us WAV files, if you're like this wants to be a lacquer or something like that, as far as like the plating house, like that's not something that the customer is privy to. That's just something that we we have on our side. And what would you?

Bill Denk  10:00  
Referral source audio. Is there any? Do you have preferences? So what we'd like to do is like let's say that you have a certain type of audio source, a certain type, and you're like, hey, if we can have the perfect job, this is what we want. We want to set ourselves, our system up to actually be able to give you it exactly the way you'd prefer to have. We would have

Lance Binder  10:17  
preferred DMs, right? Well, well, and I think when we talk about audio stuff, so we're talking source, source, or are we just talking really what's going to produce the data that we need, so that we know what kind of parts we need to create for our play? Yeah, it could be like as you said, wave files. That goes a step ahead.

Arian Kennedy  10:35  
Yeah, well, that's what the the client is going to be delivering wav files to us. So is that

Lance Binder  10:40  
your question, Bill? Is what do you want? What would you What

Bill Denk  10:43  
would you like to receive?

Lance Binder  10:45  
Wave files.

Bill Denk  10:46  
Okay.

Lance Binder  10:47  
Okay. So the wave files themselves could then, using a lathe, could either get cut into metal or get cut into a lac.

Arian Kennedy  10:54  
So the option that we've been talking. Sorry, I'm just going to call this one. So whenever we're talking about the quote gen for like our basic clients, just window shopping, we were basing that off of a DMN cut. Okay. The lacquer cut is more expensive. There are people who do want to do lacquer cuts, but that's usually something that they would tell us, hey, we want to process this. We want you guys to cut the lacquer, or we want to send in our own lacquer. And one

Lance Binder  11:23  
of the reasons, because you saw over there, lacquers have to go through the silvering, the pre-plating. Got to make a father. Got to make a mother.

Speaker 8  11:32  
Yeah.

Lance Binder  11:32  
DMM. You just cut the mother, and then you can mix the. Okay. Isn't like her a LP purist preference? Again, we tell. It's from an audio standpoint, are those believe it's more? So hip

Bill Denk  11:46  
hop prefers the lacquer versus the copper.

Speaker 7  11:49  
Is there what?

Bill Denk  11:50  
Hip hop prefers the lacquer versus the copper because is there

Lance Binder  11:54  
styles of music? I think I think I'm not as warm.

Arian Kennedy  11:58  
I I don't know. Y'all should have asked these questions, so Lucas. Fine

Lance Binder  12:02  
was such a warm sound.

Arian Kennedy  12:03  
They told y'all that Lucas cuts slackers, right?

Speaker 7  12:07  
Yeah.

Arian Kennedy  12:08  
So he'd be the he'd be the guy to answer all those.

Lance Binder  12:11  
I think music styles. I think might play into it. There are there are things you can read online that say, hey, this kind of music translates fine. This trans this will sound thin if you do it in copper. I don't know. I listen to music and I'm pretty critical, but I don't have the ear for that stuff. Lucas does. Both Brandon and Mark do. They can hear stuff that I just can't even imagine hearing. So I'm just not that picky. We're talking

Bill Denk  12:37  
to Ty Roberts. Ty was the first CTO for Universal Music. He created a thing called a verbicizer for David Bowie. We do. David Bowie. Oh

Lance Binder  12:52  
wow.

Bill Denk  12:53  
David talks about it video. It actually ties the site, and basically what David used to do is he would he would take pieces of words. Oh, oh, oh, oh!

Lance Binder  13:02  
So he and this guy automated it, right? Yeah, yeah.

Bill Denk  13:05  
And then, and then Ty told me that I don't know the name of the artist. I'll learn. I can remember next time I told me, but whoever the artist was took the whole laptop. Yeah. So he got the verbicizer. He stole it from David. So

Lance Binder  13:18  
Bowie, especially during his cocaine-driven years, like in '74, '75, '76, yeah, he would cut up pieces out of newspapers and magazines and put them on the floor in front of them, and then figure out combinations for lyrics. Yeah, yeah,

Bill Denk  13:33  
just amazing.

Lance Binder  13:34  
Well, when you're when you're not sleeping, yeah, smoking about cigarettes and yeah,

Bill Denk  13:38  
I've been doing cocaine. Yeah, we need you to start taking two years. Yeah, maybe it will ease up. The Twitch has gone down today. I did get seven hours sleep last night. Now he's going to start calling the cocaine twitch. No, no, not even joking. People won't be like. All

Lance Binder  13:54  
right, so where were we now? Source, source audio, DNL lag, or so. Yeah, yeah.

Arian Kennedy  13:59  
So again, the thing that we'll need regarding like the specifics for the audio is the RPM, so which is something that we've already put in place on the dashboard and the website to flag RPM based on the content or the length of time or suggestion, all the parameters that we discussed yesterday. But that is something that we would need, especially if we're trying to ingest information to be able to go towards that single source of truth. We would need to have the argument,

Lance Binder  14:27  
and especially if we're going to play it ourselves. Some of this data is required for our interface with GZ to get that internal matrix number, which is like a six-digit numeric core and then an alphanumeric fit. We need the RPM and the format and for for all of that. So Daniel's going to hit generate. There we go.

Speaker 3  14:52  
Serenity on both our sides.

Lance Binder  14:55  
So what we're basically doing is we're separating the data. It's one title, one MRT. Number, but we're going to assign unique information for side A and for side B, and for us that came out of we've talked about doing it for a long time, but now that we're plating, the side is the side. It doesn't matter if you know if the B side is over here or what's going to happen later. Each one needs to be treated as its own individual part with its own kind of process flow. does not have an internal matrix.

Speaker 3  15:26  
No, not currently. It does not have an internal matrix. This is usually a two-step process. They're going to set up the MRP number ahead of time because the internal matrix will come in later. This actually ignores this. We just turned this on for testing purposes, so we'll see next time we're not going to be a try. Don't we need to hit confirm? All sides are correct. Oh, we just saved an MRP. So that's MRP 8204. Nope. So now we have an active MRT 8204.

Arian Kennedy  16:02  
Did y'all already talk about Dolly Parton when I was on? No, I just

Speaker 3  16:05  
told him. Yeah, so there's no National Treasure going.

Speaker 3  16:10  
So you know, it doesn't have internal matrix. So, so back later, the audio team will go back here when they get ready, and then we'll have we have to sign internal matrix. I think Lance talked about what that does. We've got a go into the GZ portal side and regular portal. We might not

Speaker 7  16:30  
leave it right into their web service. Yeah, web services just right into their system.

Speaker 3  16:34  
So we're going to sign internal

Speaker 6  16:42  
matrix. 303137.

Speaker 9  16:51  
So I went and grabbed this internal measures, then it created both of our sides. So yeah, the 303137

Lance Binder  16:56  
came from GZ, and the e1 e2 we assigned based off of the RPM and the format type. Got it. Being 12 inch, it would be a different one. It was if it was a 10 inch. So those aren't random numbers that that can be. If it was a 45, it would be an M1 and M2. So that's also going to wind up being engraved if it had this in a lacquer cut, it would not show up on the lacquer, but it would wind up getting engraved on the letter since this is a DMM that will get engraved on the letter this morning. We want to show the parts. So this was development because we needed to create parts to track in plating. So all that stuff that Lucas has walked us through-the lacquer part, the father part, the mother part, and the stamper part-well, we said if all of our any titles we do, whether they're for for us ourselves, another GCNA company, or anybody else, should we ever start doing plating for other customers, we're going to piggyback off of their system for for these internal reference methods, so we're going to need inventory parts in plate. So what this did when we did this in MRP vinyl, we have another business unit called MRP plating. It

Speaker 7  18:22  
created that MRP. Okay, there we go.

Andrew Goeken  18:26  
Oh, so it gave you a part number.

Lance Binder  18:28  
Yeah. So the part numbers we create for plating all key off of because you saw on the MRP side, all of our inventory title-specific inventory starts with an MRP number. The plating is it's it's it's customer agnostic. It's just that internal ID, and then we tag on to it the kind of stock. SVP is the stamper, DMM is the mother, one for each side. If that had been flagged as a lacquer cut, it would have created the stamper part. It would have created a part for the father, which we call pop. It would have created a part for the mother, which we call mom, and it would have created a part for the lacquer, which would put in LAK. So you can tell by so part creation is also driven by the our what we're calling our source audio, whether you know what was the cut done on it, who was it a lacquer cut or a metal cut. So that gives, and so the code of development that's all in test now is all driven by by these partners here.

Speaker 3  19:30  
So I'm guessing now the processor would probably create an SO. Oh

Speaker 1  19:34  
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 6  19:36  
So we've got RMRP number. So now we're creating an SO, right?

Speaker 5  19:46  
82048204,

Lance Binder  19:53  
Flying right in here.

Speaker 3  19:57  
So this is a very simple process. You just produce. And again, this is

Lance Binder  20:13  
kind of a legacy reference number, but it's very helpful. Should should Arain choose to release this title in multiple of their versions for retailers and cuts of PO for each one. They would all fall under the 8204, and all of our orders would be lumped under this 37320 for us to source print and set our labels, where we would aggregate all the components and orders stuff together. As you can see, A Rain does a lot of work for us because I get tired of trying to come up with artists, so I just use A Rain Origination.

Andrew Goeken  20:50  
I really want to listen to Bless Your Heart.

Speaker 3  20:52  
Yeah, there's a roof over my

Bill Denk  20:57  
head.

Speaker 6  20:58  
Walking in D.C. Oh,

Andrew Goeken  20:59  
Bless Your Heart's Ben. You got a lot of represses in the

Speaker 4  21:02  
house.

Lance Binder  21:05  
So anyway, so now we've got

Speaker 3  21:06  
so this is actually we're not we're not showing the

Lance Binder  21:11  
so core master data MRP setup part creation matrix generation transactional data the SO is the first of the transactional data because that's tied to that's going to be tied to specific orders. Now let's enter an order.

Speaker 3  21:33  
And all the while we've been doing this, there's actually they're entering the stuff on the project trying to do once they've gotten all this information that we talked about. That'll go away. So now we're going to enter an order.

Lance Binder  21:48  
So you've said please have to enter our customer order. We have to have that too. 37320.

Speaker 3  21:54  
So okay. So we found our marketing number for this. So So this gives us our our SO number, our MRP number, the artisan title, and right now we the next step is we have to add a version. We don't have a version for this year.

Lance Binder  22:12  
And when we say version, version definition, that's kind of our internal bill of materials that lists all the different components.

Speaker 6  22:20  
Okay. So

Lance Binder  22:24  
it pulls that header information from the MRP setup. MRP 08204 12 h1 LP that kind

Speaker 3  22:34  
of stuff. I can't test every test form. Okay. Use real world. So this was not behind UBC. Catalog number would have been a if the package good was different than what they had etched on the. But in this case, I'm trying to do a real world example. Nine times out of 10, this is going to be the same catalog number for the one because she's not doing it over there. So now we have our new version, and our version definition is not yet defined. That's what we will do now. The version definition is basically our model. This is what it needs. This is what we need in order to create this work.

Speaker 7  23:19  
Okay.

Speaker 5  23:20  
This is probably the key step that you guys did. Yeah.

Bill Denk  23:25  
What's STD standpoint?

Speaker 3  23:26  
Standard or the standard version? That's nine times out of 10, most of the stuff we have is STD. First title, or why? Yeah. What an unfortunate thing earlier. Can't

Andrew Goeken  23:39  
get rid of these.

Speaker 3  23:42  
So I mean, the part this is just header information for you. All the information is LP, the number of LPs, loaded. Yeah, the label, label group, the STD contains the matrix. And now we're going to fill in the order details. What does our what does our v2 entail? What does what does A Raine want to have for her? Does she want? She obviously she's going to need a jack name. That's an automatic name. That that automatically loaded. Yeah. She's going to need an insert. She's going to do stickers. She can change those. Do you want to have a sticker?

Arian Kennedy  24:18  
Let's go ahead and just make a put an insert on there and put a sticker on there.

Speaker 3  24:25  
Okay. So now you have now they go through here and basically fill in all the details for. Go back

Lance Binder  24:35  
to the top. Was that packaging details? It's order details. Okay. And now we have LP one details. Now

Speaker 3  24:41  
we're now we're going to define the parameters for the LP.

Lance Binder  24:44  
Now, had it been a multi-LP set, you would get two sections: one for LP one, one for LP two. Okay.

Speaker 3  24:51  
Comound anything special? Here's one

Arian Kennedy  24:54  
in black. A double double leading.

Bill Denk  25:04  
It's going to be free, though.

Speaker 3  25:05  
You want a blue jay? Sure,

Arian Kennedy  25:07  
go for it. Okay, my own

Speaker 3  25:08  
blue jay. The snapper's already loaded because actually, we're talking about all the part creation. The snapper is also created when we create an MRP number because when you create an MRP number, yeah, there's your how many sides. It knows how many sides you have, so we create the standard parts. So we don't need to do anything with those. Now we just go through here and define the other things you need for LP, which be center labels, sleeve, Westpac number, center labels, sleeve. Well, yeah, but

Speaker 1  25:38  
okay. You don't need the insert here and sticker.

Speaker 3  25:40  
No, no, I'm talking about just for the LP. Okay, okay. So we're going to set this. We're going to start specifying as a generic or network feature specific. Nine times out of probably 99 times out of 100, it's going to be NRP specific.

Speaker 5  25:55  
Specific to the title.

Speaker 3  25:57  
If there were parts that existed, say this was an existing version, then those parts would be displayed and be able to drop down. If I wanted to, if I save this one, share it with the other versions, then you can just add the parts easily that way. But in this case, we're going to add a new part and do full color. These are the options. These are the options we talked about now that are going to be completely different once we do this kind of plus. So that's basically all we did here. But now, when you do a certain one label, there's like five or six different options you fill out. For to be

Lance Binder  26:30  
the 2b,

Speaker 3  26:32  
yeah, yeah, 2b. Here, all I'm doing is selecting football, not up. Side B, you know, do the same thing. Want to be specific, and the part full color sleeve. Are you having a custom printed sleeve, or you doing generic?

Arian Kennedy  26:48  
Let's do generic, just so we have a view to show generic.

Speaker 3  26:52  
So here we have the options of actually not doing a sleeve, which we do have occasionally. Generic and MRP specific, which also in lines and the same other things that we create a specific marketing part just for A-rings out, but generic we're going to do. We have our whole list of generic sleeves we have currently. There's a whole bunch. We'll just do the white paper in a sleeve. Actually, we don't do white co-op.

Arian Kennedy  27:17  
Do the fine line. Just a little bit more. There you go. There you go.

Speaker 3  27:23  
So it'll be a white polyamorous or paper sleeve. Production call-outs. These are just notes, and aren't call-outs. Those are just notes. They might have to follow in order for anyone who needs to see them. A jacket, I guess.

Speaker 4  27:36  
Like what? What would you put in there?

Arian Kennedy  27:39  
I mean, we're not really using anything for those at the moment. Just the way that we have parts, this is kind of left over from when we had

Speaker 3  27:47  
our when everything

Speaker 7  27:49  
was manually described.

Arian Kennedy  27:50  
We're not really having to use that much.

Speaker 3  27:54  
Jacket, we're doing the same thing. You go through the steps. It's a generic LLP specific. And we're going to add a new part. I add new parts. Basically, you're building a thing that's going to create an inventory.

Arian Kennedy  28:11  
So the different options that we have here for the jacket are the things that we discuss that we need to have as options on like the boat gen, what type of finish, the seam like hair, black and white. In this instance of the super capacity single jacket, you'll notice that we have that 20 point board included in that line. That's the like the paper type that we were talking about. So we don't have the paper type outlined here yet, which we will in the future. But the finish and the print for like black and white or full color-that's what we were talking about yesterday. Come

Lance Binder  28:46  
down to capacity single pocket. That's the one. Oh, I said come down

Bill Denk  28:55  
to.

Lance Binder  28:56  
So Bill, that's what we were looking at at the Esoteric. So we call it the capacity single pocket jacket and the three millimeters fine. That works on the Satech on the auto sleeve insertion issue. Oh, we're here to run that. Yes, maybe.

Speaker 6  29:12  
Yeah, that's

Speaker 4  29:14  
S.T.E. The

Speaker 6  29:15  
finish. This one we just talked about. So good standard clothes print.

Speaker 3  29:26  
Okay. Now we're going to do our insert. Actually, after we do this, you just saw the few little parts. I'm going to show you an example of what it's actually well done. Just do that now. We can save it for after.

Bill Denk  29:45  
On California line, is there anything your own thoughts on that? Is it

Arian Kennedy  29:49  
fully approved? I think we just need your final approval on approved. With that,

Speaker 6  29:57  
no, this is still.

Andrew Goeken  30:01  
I was trying to

Speaker 6  30:03  
show them that they're a lot of stuff going on.

Arian Kennedy  30:05  
Yeah, I mean, I'm saying that probably be like the first week of October, maybe.

Speaker 3  30:11  
So yeah, we'll do an insert specific kind of insert. You don't have any, right?

Arian Kennedy  30:17  
Just a 12 by 1212.

Speaker 6  30:19  
by 12 insert, right?

Speaker 10  30:31  
Yeah.

Speaker 6  30:38  
Sure.

Lance Binder  30:47  
And that f1 to f9 is the position on the grid where that guy is on point grid.

Speaker 4  30:54  
Yeah.

Speaker 7  30:54  
What are the B is for? Back. Oh, back. Okay. Right. Guess what the F means.

Speaker 1  31:02  
I forgot something.

Speaker 3  31:06  
Okay, and so that's the components part of it. Now the packaging. This is nine times out of 10 we're going to do shrimp wrap, but we also like talk about the poly bags, open tongue poly bags, silver poly bags.

Bill Denk  31:19  
Good question for you too. On the applied jacket, that's if you're not applying the sticker to the shrink wrap,

Speaker 2  31:25  
right? Right.

Arian Kennedy  31:26  
So sometimes we'll have people want us to cover up, like if the UPC was printed on the jacket. Sometimes they ask us to put the UPC sticker directly on the jacket. It's you know sometimes we have it for the most part. They're putting it on the shrink wrap just so we don't like mess with the integrity of the jacket. But sometimes they do request something be applied directly to the jacket. Yeah,

Bill Denk  31:47  
like some if someone I don't know, let's say they had lab coats and baby dolls on their album cover, and they decided we can't sell that with in America. So the Beatles butcher cover would be. Did you know that? I did not know that. The Beatles had the butcher cover, which they called the butcher butcher cover, which was all of them sitting in lab coats. They had baby dolls that had parts all. This is the pink Beetle

Speaker 3  32:12  
lands. They're still in their like devoid.

Bill Denk  32:14  
And they had like looking like blood and stuff all over them.

Arian Kennedy  32:16  
Oh my gosh!

Bill Denk  32:17  
And people, people in the U.S. were like, we can't sell that in the U.S.

Speaker 11  32:21  
Yeah.

Bill Denk  32:21  
So then they had to create big stickers

Arian Kennedy  32:23  
and put it over that.

Speaker 4  32:25  
Yeah.

Arian Kennedy  32:27  
Oh wow. Okay.

Bill Denk  32:29  
And so some people try to peel them off

Arian Kennedy  32:31  
and mess up the

Speaker 3  32:34  
jacket. So you run a redouble box in here a little bit.

Arian Kennedy  32:41  
Yes, for protection.

Speaker 9  32:42  
60 bucks. Let's let the intercount and our companies come in by the ranking.

Speaker 3  32:51  
Yes. We still have this in here, and we only guys just always do square in the middle of that.

Arian Kennedy  32:56  
No.

Speaker 3  32:56  
Probably need to mention that. Yep, that would be awesome. Okay, so we have filled this out. So right now it hasn't done anything until we submit it. Once we submit it, you see we have a working initial one, finish good one, created for this,

Lance Binder  33:24  
and if she came in for a different version using a different colored vinyl and a different sticker, it would be another version that wind up being called FG two.

Andrew Goeken  33:32  
And if MRP stays the same, SS stays the same. It

Lance Binder  33:35  
was like that again, back to that Bear Tooth, same MRP, same internal maker client matrix, but unique cap numbers and versions. Yep.

Arian Kennedy  33:46  
Just to reiterate, if let's say I completed this standard version order, and then five months from now I've already got my standard units, I'm like, oh, I actually want to press a new version of this title with MRP, and that first order was already completed. I would get a new. There'd be a new SO number assigned for the next order. So the SO number doesn't always live with the marketing number based on the order. As I say, it's

Bill Denk  34:09  
transactional, not master data. One thing to ask us really forgetting is the way that our model works with GoodTunes is so the customer wants to do something that's brand new. They come to Good Tunes, and it gets pressed and gets filmed, right? So it's an artist, Good Tunes, and this film. And this is for something brand new. So what's interesting is like I guess evolving kind of ideas about itself. So then what we had was we had somebody who said we have the artist they already released it, so they want to do a re-release, meaning that's a pretty art. Yeah. So the thing that's interesting is now we're talking because we have a thing called a good deed, which is a deed of your good. Yeah. Everyone gets one when when they buy it, and it has the person's name, their number, and a QR code that's specific to them. And so, if they sell it to us, if we sell it through this, and they want to do some signed good deeds, then there's a reason to run it through our store storefront. We do the same thing that comes through, goes to Memphis, and then we fill. But in some cases, one of the things that they asked was, could we have something? Because we have some stuff in inventory, right? So we're already selling it on our Shopify store, so they're not really going to announce it through our store, but they want us to kind of help with the inventory. So that would be that's going to come from the artist, and then it's going to go up the Shopify store. I guess Shopify store, and then we're going to get notified the inventory is for Shopify, and then we're going to have them fulfill, right? Actually, so we're going to we're going to go from artists who pass their store, which I'll just keep that here. They are going to customers reorder. We get notifications of the orders, and then we're going to fill that bus right there. Customer. Now the thing is that we have product, so it's they might have some inventory on one of them, like 50 or so, and we'll be keeping track of the product inventory, and part of what we're going to do is make sure that, like, let's say that we know there's going to be 10 to 12 weeks out, and we know they're selling. Let's say they have 10 items there, 10 to 12 weeks out. They're selling one week, right? So we know we get today to get certain velocity. That's right.

Lance Binder  37:00  
So, so one of the things we'll do is, if they have nothing, like one of them is fluent, we have nothing. So we need ordering. So we're working on this. Then we do the film part. But there's this evergreen model where we might be doing just regulars with you. And so I wanted to figure out while we're talking about that, I just want to make sure that at least mention that. So somehow. A reorder would a reorder would basically be booking an order against existing, you know, master data that's already been set up. It would be booking against that MRP 8204 and. ideally would have a unique, like I said, catalog number for that version, and that would tell us everything we needed to know on all the other stuff.

Speaker 3  37:51  
Yes, so that was standard, and you would just do reorder for this standard right here,

Speaker 7  37:54  
and then we have all the all the

Speaker 3  37:57  
everything set up. It's fairly easy process

Lance Binder  38:00  
because the bill of materials is kind of kind of like soft master data, the MRP number is master data, SO and the order itself for just a transaction.

Bill Denk  38:11  
So then my other question is, we're figuring out something because they're brand new, and they use the builder, then sign in, then they have this here. Do we want to do anything with Coda where your existing customer they can come in, they use the biller or some other investor, they come in and they have other products that projects that they've done before that you want to reorder. Yeah, that you want us to put in there so that they can come and they can click it because I don't want them to. I'm thinking I wouldn't want them to come in and they see nothing there. Like, where the heck are all my other orders? Let's just say it's just rewards only, and we're back for the stuff. We can put them in there. I just wanted to make sure that we're thinking of it.

Speaker 7  38:53  
Yeah, sure that I understand. I mean,

Arian Kennedy  38:55  
for like any reorders, there's still an official like order submission on those. Right. Right. Repeater

Bill Denk  39:02  
requirement. So it sounds like we're talking a brand that wants to use this for people who come in. If they're estimating coming in and buying, if it's it's if it's let's say pay for it, they come in, they run this thing, they go and put the brand order for whatever they want. They come here and then they're like, okay, well, that's great to wear the rest of my albums. I don't see them in the system if they want any order. Well, like all these like titles that belong

Speaker 4  39:30  
to them that they could

Bill Denk  39:33  
click on right from back here and then just fill across.

Speaker 3  39:38  
Well, I mean, it's still a new order, still new parameters that we would have. I think it's going to

Lance Binder  39:44  
be a listing belonging to that customer.

Speaker 6  39:46  
Right.

Lance Binder  39:47  
So these are these are my past. These are the things I ordered before.

Speaker 3  39:51  
And then if they ordered them for us before. I don't know.

Bill Denk  39:55  
What if they did order from us? So if you have something.

Speaker 3  39:57  
Oh yeah, if they ordered it from us, then yes, there should be a wall. So they can reorder.

Bill Denk  40:01  
So that'll get pulled from Coda, right, into our system. So

Lance Binder  40:07  
they well.

Speaker 3  40:09  
Oh, you're saying anything that we've already have in Coda would be backfilled in your system. I'm wondering if

Speaker 4  40:14  
this was.

Lance Binder  40:14  
I well, hold on. That's probably that's a can of worms. That would well ordered from us via a different channel, like through a different label.

Arian Kennedy  40:24  
No, like if we had an independent, we're like, hey, independent, like we have somebody who's orders from us regularly, and we're like, hey, we're migrating to this new like customer management software. You can actually request your own floats, submit your assets and everything here, and they're like, "Oh, hey, that's super cool. I'll do my new one here. They're like, "Oh, hey, what if like I wanted to do that other title that I just sent you? Like, can I also see that information here too? So we're kind of creating a customer profile that is accessible to our customer within that system. The

Lance Binder  40:58  
only thing we wouldn't build an art is the art. We would collect the art. coming from code, we wouldn't have the art for them to build their profiles. But again, it would have to be a title that we've already done. We should already have the information. We

Arian Kennedy  41:11  
might be able to like have some sort of like breadcrumb, like at least artist name, album title, catalog number, something like that, like a brief offering of what titles we've had for that specific label.

Bill Denk  41:28  
Well, I'm wondering too because if we know all this information here, and if Coda can provide us that information, so that when we, because the main thing is if I'm if I'm the customer and I come in, it's one thing to see my title, but then I'm gonna go. Okay, when did I last order? What was my last order?

Lance Binder  41:44  
We don't have them under that unique customer name. We just have them under indie.

Arian Kennedy  41:49  
To a degree, because we have the like we've adjusted to have the customer and then the label group. The label group is indie, but the specific customer where we'd be able to parse that. You would have to

Lance Binder  42:00  
match out with whatever they've got. Yeah.

Arian Kennedy  42:02  
Would there have to be some sort of like handholding that across? I'm sure.

Lance Binder  42:09  
Now, is this orders through the Good Tunes platform or for the? It's out you're talking about. Everything's in

Bill Denk  42:16  
yeah. Everything's in Good Tunes, whether it's Memphis when it's wrapped with Memphis on, or whether it's Good Tunes, this would live in Memphis's portion, so that they're coming through Memphis, seeing Memphis's products that we've done before. Because with Good Tunes, they have nothing; they know they never did anything with Good Tunes. But with Memphis, they're going to go, "Oh, that's great! I can do this. But wait a second, you guys did all this other vinyl, and I want to reorder this. Why do I? Why can't I reorder? I think is probably the most common question. And so, in order to do that, the main thing that we need is just the specs and the job to make sure we have that correct. And then, when they click on it, then we can decide what we want them to be able to do. They can just do a straight reorder, and then that goes in the system like a brand new one will. Or if they say, "Well, I want to do a variant, or "I want to do whatever, they can use it as a playground, decide on it, hit send, and and if we need to temporarily, if but it's too hard to get the art in there,

Andrew Goeken  43:15  
just call it a legacy. You know, hey, this is a legacy. Right. Please resemble your art. Yeah, yeah. Well,

Bill Denk  43:21  
we wouldn't have to say we upload the art because that'd be a pain for the customer.

Speaker 3  43:25  
We would have the art, but we don't have it to where we can easily do it to you from like COVID.

Bill Denk  43:29  
Right. So what I'm saying is that we could say is temporarily, we could say something like, "Hey, that's legacy art. Our art department has that. We will send you out a. We'll send you out a proofer, right? Maybe

Arian Kennedy  43:42  
it's like a basically all

Bill Denk  43:46  
they'd have to do on their side is to click on. They could access the customer's art tab. They click on it and they would do what the customer would do. They'll just upload the art and the art, and the customer will see it instantly, and they'll approve it or not.

Andrew Goeken  44:03  
And that could just be maybe they have to put in all the other pieces first, quote it, and you know upon kind of getting to a certain point of it actually getting in order, so it's not just wasting our team's time. Hey, we want this put up. No, no, no. Yeah, no, no. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, they don't

Bill Denk  44:23  
have to put any artwork up until we get

Lance Binder  44:26  
a copy and import all the stuff that you sorted out.

Bill Denk  44:30  
So basically, so I think, and that's a great point, which I agree. So the thing is that if the customer says I want to reorder it, then they're going to need to upload the artwork to a flag that we we know that it's legacy, then we'll have little things to sell. This legacy artwork, our our team's been notified. You'll get your proof back whenever, so you tap on it because you give people a proof when they want to reorder, correct or not? Oh well, then if it's

Arian Kennedy  44:56  
a reorder, like we're assuming that there have been no changes to. The art or audio, unless specified by our client. Now, if it's like a new version and they want to add like a sticker, we do a proof in that instance because we've never touched that before. But assuming like reorders, we don't do a proof. Now, if it's been a while, like maybe especially if it's something that we're like, hey, we haven't touched this version in years. We're kind of doing some data cleanup on our side. We might proof something back, or if the client was like, "Hey, I can't remember if this has specific callout in the copyright, or want to double check something, we'll get approved. But it's upon request at that point.

Bill Denk  45:30  
So I think then would flag it, send it to Gavin. Was it Gavin or Rihanna?

Arian Kennedy  45:35  
Our art team, yeah. And then

Bill Denk  45:36  
they would see it. They could grab the art from their existing file, log in, click on the tab for that client, upload the art. Customer now gets notified that the art's there for them to approve, and they click to approve it, and then it goes through the process. That way, if they want to change the color of the vinyl, or even if they want to, at that point they're like, "I'm going to use the same cover art, but I want to change the center tab for some reason, or inner sleeve for something. At least it's a hybrid two or three.

Arian Kennedy  46:06  
That's okay. I guess it

Speaker 6  46:08  
would be a new version. Yeah.

Arian Kennedy  46:10  
And then we have new part numbers for any adjustments too, because there could be an instance where they want to keep the existing jacket, but they want to use a new sticker or new insert, but they want to keep the old insert or sticker for a different version, you know. So with that, you know, I think it would just be a matter of mapping things. But I definitely can see the feel of having all available like titles for a specific label at their disposal. For I want to reorder this or see what I've done with you guys. And the system

Bill Denk  46:40  
gets populated as needed, so you don't have someone sitting there putting all the stuff in. One of the things I'm thinking about too that would be really cool for us if it's possible to do is I don't know if with Coda if you can export your schema so we know new customer order SO number MRP number and so on, and have like what your options are with each thing because then what we can do is we can adjust that in the hours, and so we can get those exact paths you have already all the set up. So the moment that that we create the API, then it's we're just talking back and forth. The good news is because this is the first white label we're doing, and because MRP has priority, we're doing a custom solution, so that this becomes the way that you're. Yeah. So we solve the problem.

Lance Binder  47:30  
So thanks. Yeah. Yeah. So it'll

Speaker 5  47:32  
be in the notes.

Bill Denk  47:33  
Yeah. So actually, what we're just saying was that two things. One is that the customer comes in and they go to, I want to reorder this project? It's the exact same reorder. We can flag it so the legacy art's on file. They don't have to see it because just process. If the customer comes in, they're like, "Oh wow, this builder is kind of cool. They start playing around with it, like, "Oh, what if I did this variant of this color for the vinyl or browse? Or if there's something that's changed that's flagged, then when it comes to the artwork, it'll you'll get flagged. You'll notify the art department and let them know, hey, take even if it's same artwork, take the art you have before, upload to the system, find CSA approves it, goes to the next stage. And then what I was asking was, would be really helpful to us if it's possible to do is all the different choices of the SO number, the you know drop downs and whatever features things. If there's a way to export that, then we can import it into our system. Since we're kind of for the

Speaker 7  48:26  
selection, so we can just yeah, basically we'll have all the fields, we'll have everything,

Bill Denk  48:30  
and so we'll adjust all the data and all of the points for data, and then you can throttle what information you want to have based on the customers that are getting assigned and being pulled in, and then that way we can also do is, if you pull, if you decide to set up a customer that's already in, that let's say you go and set up a customer using the Spotify thing that we have, and and then you, yeah, so you pull them in. So we'll have that. We'll have all the data here, and then we just have to make sure that whatever, however you associate that person. So I'm just using Floyd. It's Pink Floyd. You pull in Pink Floyd, and we already have all your fields and everything else that we know we want to fill populate. Then, what is the unique identifier that someone from Memphis would have to put in for Pink Floyd so that when they press the button that says "Get Coda" or whatever, it just fills in the information, so all that data is there for you.

Speaker 7  49:33  
Sounds like development.

Bill Denk  49:34  
And we can issue an API on our side, or if you want to, your resume.

Lance Binder  49:40  
Well, we probably wouldn't. We probably want to wait till my stock parsing is in, because again, all those little descriptions of our jackets. We're taking all that massive description, and basically, we're going to parse it into multiple fields. So all those choices are going to look different at some point to us on those version setups.

Bill Denk  49:59  
Right. Is that we can we can take what you have now if you want, and then we can also get a set of parsed data. So we'll say this is the way that we'll tell our system this is the way it is today, but we're going to segment these things out. So we can actually have our system segment those things out right now, and then every project you send to us will be segmenting it out, and it's ready to receive, ready to push back out to every every job you get. But you have to be able to receive it. Yeah, we'd have to be able to receive it. We'd have to be able. But we could set that. We could set ours to be up like the blob to send you that as a blob right now with that one field as right now. But we'll set ours up so the moment that you turn the switch on to talk that way, you'll have it all

Andrew Goeken  50:43  
done. Yeah.

Lance Binder  50:46  
So we'd have to be able to figure out. Well, we know we already talked about pricing. Hopefully, that kid he's missed his 30 minute mark. It's big time.

Bill Denk  50:54  
He was running on a brand of 30

Speaker 4  50:56  
minutes. So.

Speaker 2  50:58  
So he has to talk to more. Because again,

Lance Binder  51:00  
the data that we again we so we already knew we need to provide or have you reach out to Coda to pull the the pricing so which is to encode it today too and then we've also talked about colors as we add colors what what new data would need to be added and then for this piece of it the components or I guess the building blocks of an order, right? For packaging, and you can get a pack out all that stuff too. So no, I've been doing that. Yeah,

Bill Denk  51:28  
because for us, just so you know, let's say hypothetically speaking, you said, "Oh, I can just export these. I can hit a thing, export these fields, have everything you need for the system. We can have it done by the end of the week, so it's ready for you.

Lance Binder  51:43  
But here's the thing: we're not. We we we wouldn't be ready to import anything yet.

Speaker 4  51:47  
Okay.

Lance Binder  51:48  
We're not. We we we're really we've got to finish some stuff. But we definitely want to make it quick, where we can. We said if you've got our table data and you send us information, and again, we probably need to think of this thing in phases too. What point can can you take an order, either be whether it be I guess through good through good teams or from our side too, right? Yeah. But information is is is the quote thing first. Then, if we want to create an order, is the first version of that some kind of a a formatted spit out thing that we could use versus just let's let's create all the APIs because we still have to go for new for new titles. You have to think about new title process, reorder process. Well,

Bill Denk  52:51  
as you're saying from the base. Yeah, it sounded like it sounded like we we wanted to go to the finish line right out of the gate. I'm not sure. Well, I'm not thinking it's the finish line. Okay, what I'm saying sounds like that. What I'm saying is this: if you can, let's say you give us your all your the data tables that you use for this, right? So we have a structure of how you like all everything defined, and then that means everything that we intake is already going to be put in place with anything that Goodtoons has through Good Tunes or through the MRP Good Tunes, it's already going to be sitting there the way you want it to be. Now, what you do with that is up to you. Like for example, we could say, okay, well, you'll create. I know you don't want to create another project tracker, but let's just say you created Project Tracker. So Good Tunes has all the same fields here, and so when we when this thing gets pushed, we push it up to this. And it would be

Lance Binder  53:47  
in the language we understand because it's language we already use. Yes, I understand.

Bill Denk  53:50  
And then your team could just hit add, add, add, whatever goes right to the project tracker. Yes. So we already know that we're that we're connecting. So we're preparing for Coda here, and we're making sure that this stage of stuff here, and that's

Lance Binder  54:03  
kind of where I was going. You have the information to give it back to us in a format that's helpful to us, but it's not yet automatically ingested and yeah. And then if

Bill Denk  54:11  
you say so, then with Coda, you say, well, we've split apart these fields, or we're going to here we go. We'll do a dual here, so we'll have fields that are ready to be split apart, and then we'll also have it set up so it's it's a single field. So when Coda we decide to turn the switch, yeah. When you say we flip the switch, then we'll provide you the data and how. And the other thing too is every job we've had to come in will already been split, so you can you'll be able to pull in that and backfill that way too, if you want to.

Lance Binder  54:43  
So we don't have how. So the parsing that you guys are doing for this, it's not really the test yet, is it?

Speaker 3  54:49  
Well, it's on the test side. It's not under the second test side.

Lance Binder  54:51  
But is because we don't. I mean, I'm sure we could get some kind of list pulled for these are just common descriptions for jackets. But we have the things. They're there for jackets. We have the things that are there for sleep. The backend lists for all those drop downs. Is there some place I can just go to crack at?

Speaker 6  55:10  
Well, I've got my document number, but this is this is not very intuitive as far as this was a sport. Let me.

Lance Binder  55:40  
Oh, I saw Aiden. I thought that was another spelling of Aryan. So that's the the developer's assistant is named Aiden. Like, man, nobody gets your name right.

Speaker 3  55:55  
So here's the difference. This is you know jacket. We just did two peels. Now a jacket is. This is how it's exactly broken down and doing our same thing.

Lance Binder  56:05  
So right now it's called single capacity, three millimeter,

Speaker 3  56:10  
three millimeter spine, four stock color. If we had additional PMSs, we got to split the PMS from front to back. Denk on what it is. Finish was the same. So

Lance Binder  56:30  
I think the thing is, our future kind of the future parsing is even going to include way more that's in the general descriptions. Yeah, general scripts are pretty much useless as far as this is a lot of that extra stuff is added in probably notes and stuff, or stuff that we send to vendors for in the P.O.s.

Arian Kennedy  56:48  
It's added in notes based off of assumptions and legacy information. Carolyn, our purchasing department went again. She's been here for a while, so there are things that she just inherently knows. But what we really want to be is like, hey, if Carolyn isn't here and somebody needs to step in and be able to order something, they should be able to trust what's exactly listed in Coda to translate to the PO. And right now, we don't exactly have that set up in that way.

Lance Binder  57:17  
So this is an example of the 2b. How long we have to be out on this before this? Well, we have to get plating, right? Playing it, fighting. We

Speaker 4  57:26  
still have depth development on this and test.

Speaker 3  57:30  
Aaron still area still owes me a couple of times,

Speaker 4  57:33  
so she needs to provide the pricey rules on

Speaker 3  57:35  
it. But the majority, I've got John. I've got several. Oh,

Lance Binder  57:42  
and. and here's the one big thing for conversion: we're not going to go back to all of our existing

Speaker 6  57:49  
data

Lance Binder  57:49  
and overwrite all this stuff.

Speaker 3  57:52  
You know, it's going to set as it's sitting right now, and it's going to be dealt with as it comes up.

Lance Binder  57:56  
New items, and if any old item is reordered, that's going to have. They're going to then they're going to have to parse the stuff out because I think the taking the different parsing from the different kinds of stock and overlaying it over all the historical shit that we got in there because so much of that historical shit is just it's it's it's not consistently formatted. It's not possible. It's not possible. We're going to say we're going to cut it here starting now, and then any of this old stuff that gets touched again, they won't be able to go further until they correct it with the new parts.

Bill Denk  58:27  
So what I'm picturing is, let's say that hypothetically, some point code is connected with that stuff again. So a job comes in from from a customer, the existing customer. They want to reorder one guy. This is where we have the item that is going to be seen. Yeah, and when they come to it, it when it goes to the the format that could go that could go back to here. So the company asks, it says so we see it here, and it comes up and says this is using the legacy system. Here's the problem, whatever, and then it says, "Here's what has been completed. Is this? Do you want it modified or regress? And the person right there can take what was done before and modify right here. Then we say, "Okay, and it's done so that we can actually pre pre populate this information for you, and then and then that way it can be kind of auto imported on an as-needed basis, but without someone having a hand probe every single time. Oh yeah, that'd be

Speaker 1  59:26  
cool.

Speaker 4  59:26  
Cool.

Lance Binder  59:29  
I look forward to the day where we can sit and fight to this whole process because we won't have any other bigger fish. Just lots of medium-sized fish. Well, that's no drink. And the thing is

Bill Denk  59:40  
that what I'm hoping that we can do on our side is because you've got all these other fires that you're putting out that keep pushing off, getting the things that you really want to complete. If we can start to prepare that stuff for that, so that the moment you're ready, that we're ready, turn it on, and we also have you can look at our. System to go. Oh, that's how. So we become a blueprint for how you want your team to do it. So then, hopefully, it's a paint by numbers thing, and you fine tune this one to get that one ready. And so, you know, it's easy to

Speaker 7  1:00:16  
do. We've, I mean, well, we. So this whole planning thing, we, you know, we don't have like a deadline that we're gonna like get shot if we don't make, but we've got to have it done. I think by mid mid fall.

Lance Binder  1:00:30  
We're really hoping to start doing some serious on the floor, hopefully testing next week, next week by next. Start doing UAT next week, and then think about conversion and get the stuff in there, and then figure out what we need to tweak. Versus going to be taking all that Google data, not to say issue. That's going to be a what's going to be the challenge. But then yes, I mean we're hoping it's we're hoping we're near the the end zone on that soon. That'll open us up quite a bit for kicking around new ideas and trying new stuff, and yeah, even though we have a few things that are have been developed, but they needed to be vetted by the main developer and not this other stuff before we get get in. So there's kind of a queue of ready, almost ready things right behind us.

Lance Binder  1:01:19  
But yeah, but I mean, whatever we can have to start this process and give to you, so you can build the, you know, be ready for whatever.

Bill Denk  1:01:27  
Who who controls the access to or export of all of the

Speaker 7  1:01:33  
coda stuff? I mean, it's it's

Andrew Goeken  1:01:36  
us,

Lance Binder  1:01:36  
and and it's and again, it's very it's very informal. I mean, it's just we can't pull it down ourselves here. I mean, we just have to have people. Oh no, for what he's talking about, there's no way for

Speaker 3  1:01:46  
us to do that. That would have to

Lance Binder  1:01:47  
be Peter. Maybe that should not.

Speaker 3  1:01:58  
Yeah, not sure how he's set up the opposite. So we have to discuss that. Well,

Lance Binder  1:02:02  
what you'd really be looking for first is when you go into that version setup. Where's the table that has all those different drop downs? What are where are the drop downs for the sleeves? And is it you know you you have this drop down here, and then what's the next drop down? What's the next drop down?

Bill Denk  1:02:17  
Parent child relationships are yeah the

Lance Binder  1:02:19  
parent child thing. And again, I don't know if that's built anywhere, but it's got to be. It exists maybe not in a

Speaker 4  1:02:28  
easy to read. I don't think it's

Speaker 7  1:02:29  
an easy to

Speaker 3  1:02:30  
export format.

Bill Denk  1:02:35  
Because the other thing too is that we were talking about this last night and coming the way here is like the way, so like for example, so from my perspective, I to build not only for Memphis, but I also have to figure out how other people are doing presses, right? So what I don't want to do is have, and I don't mean this like I don't want to do it. I want to make it in the in the best way. I don't want to end up happen where I create something custom for Memphis. Then I find a best practice over here that can benefit the press, but I can't just update it for you. You know what I'm saying? So, so what I want to try and find a way is like with the components, like let's say like I in fact are plating here, right? But plating may be a component that we want to add in to this. Now the customer won't see it, but something we'll add in on on our side, right? So for the back end, for people to choose. So we talked about doing components in a way that even on the customer side, or even on the asset builder side, that if we have vinyls as components, you know, is center label component like a center label component, and so each of these are components. And then I had structured where you do the vinyl first. Brandon was saying yesterday doing the inter sleeve first, then he came back and said let's do the center label first. But I want to be able to do it so you can actually adjust your components. So you can say oh we want saleable first, and we want this order for customers to order, and how they want to do it. And then that way, if somebody else wants to do cover or the jacket first, whatever else, just move it around. So I'm trying to create to be as flexible as possible. Oh yeah, I mean

Lance Binder  1:04:13  
that's that's that's pretty slight. And

Bill Denk  1:04:16  
we'll have that within the next week and a half. Yeah. My my on my timetable, I'd like to. What I'd like to, if we could do it, is by mid-September, do our first test with some friendly customers, right? Somebody that Memphis knows. Hey, we've done this new system. Hey, run this through. Let us know what you think about it. And the reason is because there are things

Lance Binder  1:04:43  
through this is through the MRP good tunes or

Bill Denk  1:04:46  
through MRP good tunes, so that so that because to me I want customers who will say, "Oh, this didn't make sense to you, or that because we want to create this to be a self. Process because because I'm seeing this. I'm just gonna I know what to do, so I'll click click click. With somebody brand new coming in, it's it's important. Even though we've done usability and everything, it's important for us to actually yeah. Well, the stuff that we're doing

Lance Binder  1:05:13  
even here, this isn't something you'd want. That's not the look and feel you'd want a consumer to use to do stuff. It's just something that people who do this stuff day in day out. The other

Bill Denk  1:05:23  
part, I'm sorry, I'm thinking too. Maybe we do it this way. What if we start internally? What if it's that the customer estimates that are going out, that we have the team who knows what they need, doing the customer estimates, right? And then they're like, oh, this didn't work for me, or I couldn't click on this. I couldn't not click the button, but I couldn't choose this option. We need to add that option. We can add the option J for them. Yeah, and then and then once we know that it's handling everything that the internal folks need, then turning it on for the customers will be pretty painless.

Lance Binder  1:05:57  
Well, and again, this without just to make sure that we're not, I don't know, that we're going in the right order here. I know that the first thing, first things first, was the thing we were talking about yesterday. Had to do with the quote generator, right?

Arian Kennedy  1:06:08  
Yep, the website. Yeah.

Bill Denk  1:06:12  
But in order for the quote generator to be right, we need to make sure that it's going to work for you guys. I mean, we could do a quote generator that gets put out there, and people can just get their quotes. But when you when they convert it to an order, we need to make sure that it's anywhere when they convert that. So this isn't just going to be sitting. Oh yeah, I'm just sitting there going, just give me a kind of a dumb price, and then I'll call you on the phone and next step. This is this gives me an estimate. I'll call it an estimate rather than quote because I find with quotes people think you need to be the if you're not that penny by the time you issue my invoice. That's an estimate's kind of like general opinion. So, so I'm seeing that as you come in, you want to get an estimate, you like the price, you get it, you click on the thing to convert this to a job or to a draft, to draft, and then you come in and then you can upload your files. You can upload. We'll give you a list of what you need to do. But as they're doing that, I want everything ready to be able to be provided into the project tracker, and with all the data that you want for Coda, so that nobody's double entering stuff. And so that's why I'm saying if we get a schema, that's where Peter, that's helpful for us because then everything we're building from that is going to serve you here rather than another source of people. We're just adding to their jobs rather than making more simple. And then from that side, with the est with the way to generate an estimate. If people here, I mean, you can do that with what we built, like with 30 seconds to a minute. Let's say a minute. So now you have someone come in. They can click on to the estimate and send it

Lance Binder  1:07:53  
out. So this may be the case of Arian. Sorry. So I didn't compare your edited tier three pricing with what was there before, but if we're going to try to, and we'll query Peter tomorrow about you know how what what the effort level is to to do this this parent child thing on the drop downs on the version creation or how much that the the what options are we excuse me for that tier three for the for the first Memphis check for the first quote generator and again brand his brand his intent was to take care of the window shopping people a lot of the stuff that may or may not turn into orders probably the majority of them don't the just to give people an idea, what's not available? How much stuff isn't available there?

Arian Kennedy  1:08:45  
I hid quite a lot of rows on there.

Lance Binder  1:08:48  
What did it even involve like jacket types and sleeve types and finish types? And

Arian Kennedy  1:08:52  
there's like a lot of finish types that we don't have on there. Like we only put D and M cutting on there. There are quite a few rows that I had hidden from that, but I mean the overall like we were intending on having multiple of our established pricing grids for our internal use on there, which is again like yes we want to make sure that that works for us too, but I still think that we should be able to do the condensed tier three for the website,

Lance Binder  1:09:22  
I was thinking that if we if we find a way to get this pre kind of stock parsing list, there's a lot of stuff that's in there that may not have a one to one relationship with this pared down tier three pricing.

Arian Kennedy  1:09:37  
So I mean, even as far as the kind of stock parsing that we have. There's not going to be a one-on-one match on our price list because we have the that information kind of folded in together. We're going to have to like rethink the price list. The price list is like, hey, this is going to be your cost if you ordered this, this, or this. Like it's the if we had the price list parsed out as much as we're trying to parse out the actual confirmed details, then our pricing grid would be twice as big as what

Speaker 5  1:10:12  
it is now, you know.

Bill Denk  1:10:15  
But that only matters if if it's I'm thinking does that only matter if you have people having to go in and click all the boxes and make the changes?

Arian Kennedy  1:10:27  
I mean, there's a little bit of give and take with this. Whenever you're pricing it, yes, you want it to be a reflection of what they're ordering, but again, the price list is to cover 80% of it, or if we're doing like a custom quote that's going to be item specific, so like you can map out all the specifics that you have for a job, but when you price it out, you're like, okay, this is what that jacket costs. This is what the center labels cost. You know, so would we have an item like if we had an MRP that had center labels that were black and white PMS 1234 and PMS 12345. We don't want to have an item code that's black and white plus this specific PMS plus that specific PMS. You know, so like we're just trying to map it in a way that's like yes, we recognize there are two PMS colors with this black and white center label, and that'll also be the same for some of the priceless surcharges that we have on our pricing grid. We can recognize that it's a single jacket. We can use that base price and recognize it gets these two surcharges. But we want to have all of that split up when we're doing this kind of stock pricing to be able to identify exactly what type of finish it is, what type of stock it's on, just to also help with our purchase ordering, purchase ordering, and overall job confirmation. Okay.

Lance Binder  1:11:52  
Yes, I don't know where was I going with all that. I'm just trying to figure out if we give him a download or give Good Tunes to download all these different categories and subcategories and sub-subcategories of these different kinds of stock that are potential things for building an order or building a version. Which ones would I don't know what which ones today would equate to whatever is going to intend to be loaded on the price list. I don't know if that's as complications, or if you load everything. That's what I was thinking. If you load everything matches, then whatever the

Bill Denk  1:12:31  
pricing stuff is that you add in, that's what's going to match, and we'll just say the stuff that doesn't match. Don't worry about that. The match might

Lance Binder  1:12:36  
take a little while, right? Because it's not going to look the same. It's

Arian Kennedy  1:12:38  
not going to look the same. It's not going

Lance Binder  1:12:40  
to look the same. That selection one on the version, you know, the item description header and then subheader and the sub. It may not have a one-to-one partner on the price list side.

Speaker 6  1:12:57  
Yeah, a lot of them don't have one-to-one matches.

Bill Denk  1:13:01  
But when you say they don't have one, is it that they there's nothing that matches that, or it's just that that hasn't been connected yet with what the no, it

Arian Kennedy  1:13:10  
hasn't been connected yet. So like we have our jacket, for example, in our price list, it's so you have

Bill Denk  1:13:18  
the fields in there to accept it. It's just not been matched, and if we do the work of matching it, then you've got then you'll have that information.

Lance Binder  1:13:28  
Yeah, because this is it that I'm not as clear on. I don't live in the price list, and I don't live in the definition set up. Yeah, that is more the price list. He's set up. He's spending here setting up the price list. So that's why I'm asking. I asked. I said, "Hey, Brandon, what's your ETA?

Arian Kennedy  1:13:43  
Just for a quick example, our like we have overall like umbrella kind of for some of the kind of stocks that we have on the pricing grid. So, for example, printed single jacket, standard AQ gloss. That is the overall umbrella for it, and then we have 12 inch, 20 point board black and white, 12 inch 20 point board CMYK, 12 inch wide spine black and white full color. So this printed single jacket standard AQ gloss can be our standard single jacket and coda. It can also be the capacity single jacket and coda. So that's just a brief example of there's not a one-to-one mesh. We don't have capacity single jacket on our pricing grant.

Speaker 7  1:14:27  
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Arian Kennedy  1:14:30  
So there'll like whenever we take a look at the next phase of pricing in Coda, which we're talking about having the customer orders generate a quote or turning a quote into something else, we'll have to take a look at what can we connect from our parsing to the pricing grid. That's

Speaker 1  1:14:55  
right.

Bill Denk  1:15:00  
So, on our side, we're willing to take on as much as you'd like us to.

Arian Kennedy  1:15:07  
I don't. I just don't know how much I would tell you that that that would be taking on. It's uh.

Speaker 7  1:15:13  
Don't don't don't don't know what.

Arian Kennedy  1:15:15  
I don't know like what that would entail as far as taking on. Oh

Lance Binder  1:15:18  
yeah, I have no idea.

Bill Denk  1:15:23  
I think it would be having.

Lance Binder  1:15:24  
Brand is on his

Arian Kennedy  1:15:26  
own. Yeah,

Bill Denk  1:15:26  
they'd be having the system determine what what fields we have in Cota, and then what we have in the pricing grid, and trying to best match, and then come to you and say, can you approve or disapprove or whatever it is, and then you

Lance Binder  1:15:43  
can use. Yeah, I went over there a little too early. Sorry. Oh, we we got into pricing now. So we're gonna get well. We went through setting up a version, right? Setting up an MRP number under the Good Tunes customer. Apparently, we've already had that in there. It was in test as well. Created a version for a new title. Went through all the boxes about creating a version, you know, the chapter title and all those little stuff things. And Bill asked, we talked about the parsing again. We showed him what our future parsing is going to look like. We're going to take some of those very general description fields and based on the kind of stock post them out into all these different fields. We said, if you give us your current list now, we said we talked to Peter about is it how easy or difficult would it be to take all of the parent and children drop-down options from those version bill sheets and provide it where they can start with something like that and use it as things that either the well well that would be built into the quote generator too, wouldn't it? Quote generator potentially orders and then we got into the question of well, how many of those things that we use to build a version on are actually going to be on this revised tier two pricing that she's paired in debt, but then also how many of them don't even really have a one to one to that pricing, and then we got into some of

Zack (MRP)  1:17:19  
those things that may be a single option on a drop-down corresponds to multiple pricing, like a setup fee and production unit cost price. So yeah, there will be some of that. And what you were

Lance Binder  1:17:36  
just talking about was the other way around, wasn't it?

Arian Kennedy  1:17:38  
Yeah. So like our pricing grid is like for a single jacket. We don't have a line item on our pricing grid for a capacity single jacket. Yeah, but it falls

Zack (MRP)  1:17:48  
under the

Arian Kennedy  1:17:48  
single jacket rules.

Zack (MRP)  1:17:49  
The the the yeah the same line grid as a single jacket. So

Arian Kennedy  1:17:54  
it's probably not to be a mix of both, like these applicable kind of pricing details outlined with this particular line item on the pricing grid, or this particular kind of stock pricing that we have in Coda is not an option at all on our pricing grid and is a quote only option. If you guys are were wanting to see stuff like that too, because we have some special kinds of stock like a slip case, those like we recognize that it's a common item that we would use, but it's a quote-only item. So there'd be instances like that, but that gets more into like the custom jobs, not this 80% we're trying to do for that. So that's the idea. Set up the quote generator to handle

Lance Binder  1:18:35  
80% Yes. And if you want anything else, contact us directly. Contact us directly. Because again, we want to go. We want again the low-hanging fruit is to take care of the window shopping, but as much intelligence as we can build into it for

Speaker 12  1:18:49  
our own stuff. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 4  1:18:53  
So I think we're showing some

Lance Binder  1:18:55  
stuff. Yeah,

Zack (MRP)  1:18:58  
I think that the best way to approach this because we have lots of pricing data, not all of it's going to be relevant. At least at this beginning, at the initial phase of what we're trying to build with the quote generator, probably what the best approach would be is after all of these user input things that we we worked to define like yesterday, and as far as options go for the for the user to configure their product, all of those options are going to correspond to one or more things on our pricing grid, price on our pricing grid, and it may be the best thing to do. Maybe to map all of those applicable pricing codes, is what we call them, to the options that you're going to create on the quote generator. So if you choose this option, we can say, okay, the price comes from this specific code. You can make a request to our ERP via API, provide that code and the quantity, and then we can give you the price. What's the last for the unit cost back?

Bill Denk  1:20:19  
Right. So I was thinking. What I was also wondering was if you have, let's say that you have a current customer who goes in, they find out about the gent price thing, they go in to do a quote for something, they log in as themselves, and then they expect to see maybe their previous orders in there, and then if we can provide those previous orders, and they want to reorder something, then we want to make sure that all that data that you would need for the order to go back into the project tracker and Dakota, that you're getting all that data there, so you're not having to have somebody retype everything in the system, and/or if you have the if the team wants to use that builder to actually build out something, so you have a quote like sent in a minute that's sent out to a customer that we have the same schema that you have on there. So basically, the the version that is is gated or not gated is going to be a dumbed-down version of the bigger one. But in any case, whether we give the smaller version, or the team comes in to build it and use it to quote, or the customer comes in to to do a quote, it's all going to be compatible with the fields you have for ERP or Coda, so that when we, so that when it gets exported to you, you have

Andrew Goeken  1:21:46  
all the data there.

Zack (MRP)  1:21:47  
Okay, so yeah, pricing is just an extension of that, right? Okay, but I guess we need to provide the pricing to you upfront.

Bill Denk  1:21:57  
We could do a call to it, like with an API basic. So then, that way, it's always fresh, right? The

Zack (MRP)  1:22:02  
pricing may change from from period to period,

Speaker 4  1:22:07  
right?

Zack (MRP)  1:22:08  
And you always want to make sure that you've got the most recent version. So yeah, you need to make a call whenever they're creating a quote, and we can provide we can provide the entire thing to you, and you can parse out, and we can, you know, say, you know, create that map where you can use to reference it, or we can set up individual calls based on what the users choosing as their options. Obviously, users going back and forth between a lot of different options at once, that means that you're making many calls. So I don't know what the best approach may be. You may you may be more inclined to want to ask for all the information periodically. Would you get? Yeah.

Bill Denk  1:22:52  
And then if if things update on your side, then we could have just a communication between the API that knows there's been something updated, and then we can go grab whatever that. Yeah, and then we can,

Zack (MRP)  1:23:02  
you know, we can also provide timestamps of when the data was last changed, so that you can know that what you have is the most of today's recent campaign. So the way that we break out the pricing itself is, I think Brandon provided. I don't know if I even have the most recent. This is an overview of the pricing data in spreadsheet form. This also exists within Coda,

Bill Denk  1:23:42  
so that could be exported out to us, and we could then we could at least get a basic structure and schema

Zack (MRP)  1:23:48  
based on that. Yeah, we actually manage it in CSV format. So if changes get made, the changes will get made actually on the overview sheet, and then we'll we'll rework it in CSV format. But again, this is this is a subset of the tier three prices. This is a subset of the tier three prices. So

Lance Binder  1:24:05  
we want to make sure that yeah,

Arian Kennedy  1:24:08  
we would need to like you guys would be working off like a few different sheets. What we want to have for the quote gen versus what we want to have established for tier one, tier two, tier three pricing. Yeah.

Zack (MRP)  1:24:22  
Yes, there's the quote gym section of this, which is what's provided here. There's a more

Speaker 3  1:24:31  
more involved, robust everything

Zack (MRP)  1:24:34  
version of this as well, and that's what exists in

Bill Denk  1:24:38  
Coda. Okay, Coda's got all of those lines are represented

Zack (MRP)  1:24:42  
as what we call a pricing code with a unique identifier. Like this is the one

Speaker 4  1:24:47  
QuickBooks, right? Those are QuickBooks codes.

Zack (MRP)  1:24:50  
Yeah, these these are based on the categories that the manufacturing costs are set up in QuickBooks with. So this is the. One for black records. So every basic order involves a 180 gram black record. This is the code that is used in the quoting, and the prices are identified based on tier one, tier two, tier three. So. So they're all broken out that way, and they're they're either considered job costs, which are per piece per based on the work quantity, and then there's also setup costs, which you guys have already seen, and the setup cost or quantity of one and apply to the entire order. So when someone's quoting something, let's say they do a colored record, right? You'd have job costs for the corresponding price code for that type of record, whether it's transparent, sorry, translucent, or opaque, or neon or whatever; those are all individual, unique pricing codes. But then you also have the color setup on top of that as well.

Arian Kennedy  1:26:09  
It's a good opportunity to talk about the some of the pricing rules that I wanted to talk to you guys about. We all want to

Zack (MRP)  1:26:16  
pivot for a second. Well, I guess we can wrap this up. That's kind of like what I'm thinking about is you guys make a call to our ERP to get this data, and then we would need to supply you with a map for if you're choosing these options, you need to apply these price codes to the quote to come up with your unit price and your overall cost.

Bill Denk  1:26:37  
Right, and and so two things. One is what determines whether something is tier one, tier two, or tier three.

Speaker 1  1:26:45  
The customer. Based on

Arian Kennedy  1:26:47  
our like setup parameters that we have for a particular customer. Okay. So

Zack (MRP)  1:26:50  
major labels will be tier one, and then brokers are usually tier two, and then independent artists are usually tier

Bill Denk  1:26:56  
three. Tier three. So and then

Zack (MRP)  1:26:57  
there are also special pricing grids set up for our largest customers. Yeah, Sony has its own pricing grid. Those are

Arian Kennedy  1:27:07  
more complicated. They're more

Zack (MRP)  1:27:09  
complicated, and it's out of scope for

Speaker 13  1:27:12  
this.

Bill Denk  1:27:13  
Yeah, yeah. As far as well, there is no cruise. The orchard wants to work with us and use our system as a ability for folks to for their artists to be able to do things. So I know that you all just work with your orchard and they still do, but I mean they pull back some your stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's

Arian Kennedy  1:27:34  
like a movie umbrella type of deal. So I mean, it really just depends on that. There's going to be some nuance there that Brandon's going to have to be involved into as far as like how that's going to be structured. They're

Zack (MRP)  1:27:48  
trying to build quotes through Good Tunes and have the Sony pricey. It's just a matter of the code, the pricey code, is the same regardless of what grid you're pulling from, and we we could supply the Sony version of those prices instead of the tier three or tier two version.

Bill Denk  1:28:09  
And the reason I'm asking because they may ask us, well,

Speaker 7  1:28:12  
yeah,

Bill Denk  1:28:13  
what's the pricing for this, or how do you structure and so on? Yeah, and I want to try and bring all that business in the Memphis. So yeah, we

Zack (MRP)  1:28:20  
can do that. Okay, it would just be a matter of you'd reference the Sony cost instead of the tier three cost, and that's not on display here, but it will be on the next release that we do for Sony because our Sony grid is now after confirmation is going to be applicable to the rest.

Arian Kennedy  1:28:43  
Yes. So as far as like how those orders are going to come in through the orchard, I think that would just be something that we have to just double check and and talk about there.

Zack (MRP)  1:28:52  
Sure.

Arian Kennedy  1:28:52  
But as far as some of the setup fees that you had emailed about, just want to kind of go over something just real quick because we have a few different instances on how we apply color setup fees and stamper fees, and this is gonna sound insane, but I promise there's a method to the madness. So if we're gonna look at the stamper fees up here, so our price list, the way that we have the price list right now, it assumes that we're looking at a new audio setup, so anything starting with new audio. So in this instance, we have this 12-inch stamper fee, and it has zero for 300 and 500 for 140 gram because assuming it's a new order, the only charged stamper fees over that initial 1000. So anything that was 300, 500 doesn't get stamper fees. If it was above that initial one pay, it would get stamper fees. But if you had a reorder, it says for all quantities on reorder. So if they reordered a title and one. To do 300, we would charge stamper fees in that instance, and it would be the 14 cents. It's just whenever we talk about like the cut and the plating, whenever we do that plating part of it, a stamper is produced. So we say you can get up to 1000 for that first stamper that comes with the cut. So the rules after that for 180 gram, it's anything after the initial 500, if you were doing a picture disc, glitter, or one of our manual effects that we outlined yesterday, like the two color KSIB side, half and half, flattered, anything like that, you get stamper fees across the board, and seven-inch stamper fees are also across the board for all quantities. We just have different rules for that 140 gram and 180 gram for the anything after initial 500 or initial 1,000. It's just the zeros on here. It just is assuming a new audio setup. But if it's a reorder, those are across the board. So that 24 cents per 180 gram carries all the way from 500 to 25,000. I think that's what we have on there.

Speaker 3  1:31:04  
You want to look

Arian Kennedy  1:31:06  
at a quote? No.

Zack (MRP)  1:31:07  
That has a setup fee on it.

Bill Denk  1:31:08  
So if it's a reorder, if there's a cost to is that because the reorder is discounted some other way, or

Arian Kennedy  1:31:13  
with the reorder, like we the stampers, we would have to move additional stampers into production, so that stamper fees cover that because the stampers do have a shelf life after X amount of presses, or you know, if they unloaded them from the press, they could have been scratched or damaged, and so we might not be able to use those again on the next order. So we'd have to charge stamper fees just to get workable again with the metal parts. Yeah. So here's one. Here's a quote that was billed to the code of for a quantity of 2070. It's a new order, and then we charged that Stanford fee at a quantity of 1070 since we're discounting the first 1000.

Zack (MRP)  1:31:54  
Yeah. So that would be, and then on the reorder for this, your Stanford fee would be at the normal quantity. If they did another identical order. We would charge 2070 on the stamp review. So it's

Arian Kennedy  1:32:06  
all quantities for reorder.

Bill Denk  1:32:08  
Okay.

Arian Kennedy  1:32:08  
And this is if you want to go back to the pricing grid real quick. So can you scroll down to the setup fees? Okay, the color setup fee right there. So on the attachment that Brandon gave you, this little note isn't on here, but just wanted to touch base with this too. So we have press setup fee, color vinyl per color, multiple color LPs subject to one times, two times, three times setups. This one is always a little bit tricky for whenever I'm like training new people on how we charge color setup fees, it is fair, fair through looking. So any of the solid colors like translucent, opaque, neon, glow in the dark, those are the solid color. They would be one color setup fee of $95, and this is assuming we're talking about a single LP for right now. Then we have our blend of colors, the standard and deluxe blends. We have two color setup fees for those. Even if a blend has like four colors in it, you you guys saw how we were mixing them. We're not going to charge $95 for a small tiny percentage of one of those colors. So we landed on two color setup fees for our blends, standard and deluxe. But then whenever we get into like the specialty effects, like the two color, like color and color half and half A side B side, we charge two color setup fees because those are two colors being brought into it. If it was a three color split, we would charge three color setup fees because we have three colors going into that, and then with any of the splatters, we have a color setup fee for the base. So, like let's say if you want to do a half and half with splatter, we would charge two color setup fees for that vase, and then the splatter setup fee for the splatter. And

Andrew Goeken  1:34:03  
then is that for each splatter? So if they wanted three different splatter colors on top of it, that'd be three different fees.

Arian Kennedy  1:34:07  
Yes. So we have the splatter setup fee that's per color, the $35. So if they did like half and half clear and red, and they wanted to do black, yellow, and green splatter, 295 for the base, 335 for the slaughter.

Speaker 7  1:34:26  
Got it.

Arian Kennedy  1:34:29  
Those are just like it's a matter of just building them a little bit. Yeah. Okay. That was my spiel. And

Bill Denk  1:34:39  
then and so then that's the pricing side of things, but connecting it to Cota, is there a connection with each of these for the price

Arian Kennedy  1:34:49  
for the color setup fees? I'm pretty sure that we have to manipulate that ourselves. Whoever's adding it, we we pick color setup fee and then we manipulate how many of them are being charged. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I'm pretty sure that's how it is. Yes. Now, if this was a two LP, those color setup fees are by LP. So, like that one that we were just talking about with the the half and half and the three, we'd have five color setup fees: the two for the base, three for the splatter on LP one, and then those same ones would be on LP two because we could be running those on two completely different presses, and all those same set of fees apply

Bill Denk  1:35:27  
to it. Okay.

Andrew Goeken  1:35:30  
So even if it was the same exact color,

Arian Kennedy  1:35:33  
it could be because yeah,

Andrew Goeken  1:35:35  
but because it's a different LP, standard two LP, standard charter four.

Arian Kennedy  1:35:39  
Correct, two for LP one, two for LP two.

Bill Denk  1:35:45  
Okay, makes sense.

Speaker 3  1:35:48  
What else?

Arian Kennedy  1:35:49  
As far

Speaker 4  1:35:50  
as

Arian Kennedy  1:35:51  
so we have a we have a the press setup fee for less than 500 units, $95. So that's straightforward.

Zack (MRP)  1:35:59  
The assembly. Something that Brandon talked about a little bit yesterday,

Arian Kennedy  1:36:09  
which I mean again, it's it is pretty straightforward based on what we want to have for the boat gen, and then we were talking about lumping in that $12 insertion fee, so for the open top poly bag instead of 25 cents, making it 37. So we

Zack (MRP)  1:36:25  
can just have them. They're pulling the pricing data anyway. We can of the codes that you're pulling. Some codes there's there's a parameter on all of the codes called applicable touches, and if most of them are are zero, but anything that pulls in like a LV going into a sleeve or sleeves into a jacket, there's an applicable touch number, and it's usually the number one. I think there's one thing that has some stickers have like 0.83 or something. You could just out of all of the pricing data that you're building up for that quote, you can count up the applicable touches for all of the codes that apply to that quote, and then there's your number of insertions that you need to it. That's how you can build the price for the insertion piece. That's

Speaker 9  1:37:11  
your

Zack (MRP)  1:37:14  
applicable touch of one in the case of like a record, right?

Bill Denk  1:37:17  
Okay. A three record check. Yes.

Zack (MRP)  1:37:24  
There's a separate charge for applying a sticker. So a sticker is not an applicable touch, but it is. We also count up the number of stickers in a charge a sticker application fee of 10 cents. So that's simpler. That's just how many stickers do you have? You also need to have a sticker application charge per unit.

Speaker 2  1:37:49  
Your sticker question bill placement.

Andrew Goeken  1:37:52  
Oh, yes. So with sticker placement, is there a difference in price? Because we saw when we were down there, that there was a custom stick replacement on certain ones. Yeah, on certain ones. That this stick replacement wasn't following your nine grid. It was just based off of the picture. Yeah, there's a. Is there is that an up is an upsell upcharge? Okay, so whether they use a nine grid or if they were to use, you know, like let's say in the system we just set it up instead of it being the nine grid, and we just said, "Hey, place here's you know, hey, I want a two by four sticker. I want it placed here. We give them the option to place it on the front or the back, and then they can place it anywhere on the album, and then that generates the image for your team downstairs placing the sticker. Yeah. Then I was wondering if it, you know, maybe there's an upcharge for it being custom and not following the nine grid. If it's easier for you guys to just say, hey, it follows the nine grid, we'll do it at 10 cents. If you wanted to do a custom placement, since you have to do a visual test, maybe it's 15 cents a sticker or whatever, and that can be an option that we have is that hey, you can place it by custom, or you can place it in one of the grids and have two different price points for that. But did we use tons of shirt sizes?

Arian Kennedy  1:39:08  
So like we did, but then we started automating our sticker application. And as far as like the reference image that you're seeing, like on the string lines, like we give our art team the F1 designation. They put it on the pog, and then we're telling our team look at the pog for the reference, so that way they can exactly see the orientation of the sticker in regards to the jacket itself. Now there are some things that we do charge precise placement on, depending on like the maybe the shape or the size of the sticker, or if they're like it has to cover up these, like it was a legal line sticker, and we had to cover the legal line exactly on the jacket, or we had to cover up somebody's butt crack one time, and we had to make sure that that was a precise placement. So, who's

Bill Denk  1:39:53  
your cover with?

Arian Kennedy  1:39:54  
This was a sticker.

Bill Denk  1:39:55  
Just a sticker, just saying some words or something.

Arian Kennedy  1:39:57  
Just a sticker. It was like a sticker of that. This is not. Stick it out that

Andrew Goeken  1:40:01  
crunch.

Arian Kennedy  1:40:03  
Yeah, but for that, like with the automations that we have over there, like we we just don't our standard sticker application for it. Now, if we had to like manually apply a sticker for whatever reason, like there is a little wafer seal that we'll do unless it gets old PVC. We we charge a manual one for that, just because we have to make sure it's precisely placed. But for the most part, we're doing that standard application attendance. Okay.

Bill Denk  1:40:28  
I also thought that you guys had to leave at 4:30 today, and so I want to be sensitive to time if that's the case. I

Arian Kennedy  1:40:35  
do have to to dip out to pick up my kiddos. I do have some musings that I want to ask you guys, but it's more so like the dashboard, and what can we do to leverage that internally? Like, would we just have like a Memphis hub, and then we can have multiple of our account managers go in there? Can we assign different projects to different account managers depending on the influx of the information and workloads across the team? Just things like that. Like, what can we do to kind of have like sub dashboards within our internal dashboard, depending on the reps, but that stuff like we can easily hop on a call or talk over via email for sure. Yeah,

Bill Denk  1:41:10  
and that could be like done with a permissions based thing. If these reps get access to this these clients or this data or whoever you want to

Bill Denk  1:41:16  
provide it. Or if we

Arian Kennedy  1:41:17  
had like a kind of like a super switchboard being like, hey, I want to funnel this job to this person. This person, they could kind of have that overall.

Andrew Goeken  1:41:27  
Yeah, somebody who, hey, here's the roles, and then we have, yeah, we toggles with commissions. A bit

Arian Kennedy  1:41:35  
of my musings, and then just maybe some other just user interface for the dashboard itself and like what we can do with that, I have some some ideas there, but that'd be something that I could easily send you guys via email or hop on another call too.

Bill Denk  1:41:52  
Can we put some sample things up there that we thought might work, and figuring that we would adjust it to whatever you needed, so it's not a problem at all?

Andrew Goeken  1:42:01  
Yeah, I'm speaking for for both of us here, but I could be tell me if I'm wrong. I feel like also if you have a short list of ideas where you're like, oh hey, these are the ideas that I'm thinking. You can send those to us, and then we can you know pre-call and we can start testing, you know, throwing up some ideas of, oh yeah, actually we we might have something in place for that, or here's how we would, you know, visualize that data as a placeholder, and then when we get on the call, we can get into the specifics of how you get that to look.

Arian Kennedy  1:42:29  
Sounds good, awesome.

Bill Denk  1:42:32  
So next ups, I guess, on this are Peter, I guess, finding out if we can extract the data for us. Yeah, let's

Zack (MRP)  1:42:40  
talk about. So what we're going to do is go to Peter and say we need an API call for this. Let's talk about what parameters you guys would need to give to get the price back. Obviously, we'll be starting out with just this this single tier, but we'll need to provide the pricing data for the other tiers, also, so that that would be an input to the call, right? The pricing tier that you want to grab from will always assume that you want the most recent revision of the pricing tier because you don't have any reason to to look at any bull pricing data, so we don't need to worry about that.

Bill Denk  1:43:19  
Unless it's something that you're doing, unless you have. Well, I guess we need the old pricing. Well, we wouldn't. But let's say that you have a customer who's had. We've talked about this before. Not being at the moment. Let's say a customer that has previous jobs that they've run through, and they see their new job that they want to do, but we're my previous job. So we add those jobs in there, and if they want to see what did I pay for it the last time, what was the quantity I got when did I order it? So do you want that job data, I guess basic job data from the client to be in there? Well,

Zack (MRP)  1:43:56  
this reorder that you're talking about would have been done even if this time around is a new order through.

Bill Denk  1:44:02  
No, this would be like if they were just

Zack (MRP)  1:44:04  
an existing IU. I was going to bring that up earlier because I thought that's what you might have been alluding to. In that case, then yes, you would need to provide the order date so that you can have the pricing according to the correct revision of the pricing grid. I'm not

Arian Kennedy  1:44:21  
sure how much we'll be able to get into with that. I mean, that could be an instance of like, oh, hey, what did I pay for this last time? And we might just be able to look up an invoice from our finance team. I'm not sure how much of that sort of cleanup that we'd be able to do. Cleanup as far as just like mapping that out, because we might have like the estimate, but

Zack (MRP)  1:44:41  
as far as the API call goes, it's not a problem as long as you're okay with providing the date as of that you want the pricing for with every call. So that's fine.

Arian Kennedy  1:44:51  
But this in this instance, we're like we were talking about if we had a regular customer of ours and we introduced them to this new system, and they're like. Okay, cool. I want to use this moving forward, but hey, I also want to see what I've done with you guys previously. It would be that client asking us for it, and they might know whenever they ordered from us last time. But I've I've regularly had clients be like, "Can you tell me how many times I've ordered this from you, and what quantity has I ordered? And I had to go back through estimates that I had, but also estimates that a different rep had, and then I ended up having to go back to the finance team and then kind of dig through SO numbers that we've had too. So as far as like the cleaning up

Bill Denk  1:45:30  
of that, just from the changing of hands that we've had for reps, and then also some of the internal changes that we had if it was pre this environment or it lived in a different environment, that might be something that we could definitely look at. But as far as our ability to do that quickly and cleanly, I'm not sure about. I'm not sure when the new data came from the pricing came in, but when the customer logs, let's say the customer logs in for the first time, even if you've signed them something, sent them a quote, but it's the first time that they've logged. We could also make an API call at that time. What were their jobs? We can have the artwork come in, or we can pull the artwork from Spotify, whatever else it might be, and then we can have the data pull in behind that for the basic stuff that they need to know.

Andrew Goeken  1:46:14  
Spotify API is genius actually to get the artwork because they probably do already have it on streaming if they made the record.

Lance Binder  1:46:22  
What I think Bill was referring to earlier was the thing that came up before the idea was that the backing list, though, of choices from not so much not on the pricing, but the things to well, it'll map the pricing, but things to to link to the choices in the good tunes

Speaker 1  1:46:43  
environment, the

Bill Denk  1:46:44  
different components,

Lance Binder  1:46:45  
specific components. We're going to ask Peter about that too. Okay. So, like, and I don't know if you know, I don't know if you want this bullet. That's are you feeling with the version building screen? I haven't seen it in months till we ran the version definition screen. Yeah, the version definition screen. So all those choices. So you have, you know, the sub, you know, the the thing under label, and then is it CMYK, is it four by four? All of those, you know, the parent family associations for those things based on the component. Yep.

Zack (MRP)  1:47:13  
So we would want, yeah, we want to map that to what the options are are coming from. Good to see.

Lance Binder  1:47:19  
Well, what I think he's wanting to do is take that data, even in the format Carson, and backfill it on his side, and then associate those that mean something to our the pricing that we expect to see back in those codes.

Zack (MRP)  1:47:34  
Yeah, it's it's coming back to us, and it's parallel to the pricing aspect of this too. Yeah,

Speaker 7  1:47:41  
yeah.

Bill Denk  1:47:45  
So everything's using the older

Zack (MRP)  1:47:47  
pricing data based on when the order was placed. Yeah.

Lance Binder  1:47:52  
Okay. Well, this was even order. This is just. Yeah, I'm thinking of it. I'm thinking maybe I'm missing something here again too, but just something that. Yeah, I wasn't trying to. It was trying to conflate two different topics of looking at past orders versus just a means of importing the current data that we're using to create an order.

Bill Denk  1:48:14  
Step one for

Speaker 4  1:48:15  
them to set something to create a new order, not to do a reorder. So that's step one. Step one, and then my my

Bill Denk  1:48:22  
question was, do we think that if clients come in to do new order and they've done other pressings before, that they're going to go, where are my other orders? It's definitely

Arian Kennedy  1:48:34  
possible. Step one possible, but even like with reorders, what did I pay for it last time? It's like, well, this new pricing is applicable for your new order because that's the pricing that we would have for it. Especially, you know, we've gone through price load changes, and those are only valid. Those quotes and prices for that particular order are only valid for like a certain period of time.

Bill Denk  1:48:54  
Well, and meant that it's like a tool for them. So if there's a way that they go in and go, oh, we paid this. This is what our quantity, what what I run, what the basics that they need to know, and then if they want to reorder it, then they can click on we can have reorder click on it, and then would pull up what their new quote was based on the new pricing, and they can push it through. But when you would get it because we had the basics on there, so they didn't feel like they were lost without where they were. They all could also could also use. Oh, when did I? When did I order it last time? I might need to order more this time. Right.

Arian Kennedy  1:49:23  
Well, that definitely makes sense. Then

Bill Denk  1:49:25  
we're making sure we're feeding all that data to you. That's going to be coder ready, and and I was even suggesting that we could even have it go up to this like mini project tracker, so that the new order comes in. Then you can somebody just click on it to add it to the actual project track record, and rekeying it all in, and then Coda can receive whatever information wants from this.

Zack (MRP)  1:49:49  
So, will you need to reference old pricing data, or just the most current?

Bill Denk  1:49:54  
Only from the perspective of you think that when your customers come in, they. To know, oh, can I see my last orders and what that pricing was for me? Like maybe it's just the total and the quantity and the date they ordered, and that's all they care about, or where it was shipped. I mean, I don't know.

Andrew Goeken  1:50:13  
And if they try to reorder it, then they're going to get a new pricing. Yeah, that's the new pricing thing. So I'm not saying we need to second the health

Zack (MRP)  1:50:20  
data for me too.

Bill Denk  1:50:31  
Again, that's not us saying that we need to do that. It's just we want to make sure that there's a good experience for your clients when they come in, and are they going to expect you? They expect to see similar stuff there, and the ability to one-click reorder, get the pricing, move on.

Zack (MRP)  1:50:47  
Well, all of this we started talking about all of this because of the API call pricing, so it's not a problem to add the flexibility to allow you to reference the order stuff. You just provide the date, and we can give you the pricing as of that date for any of those years, if we know the date. If we know the date, and if they just for future for the for the pricing variation, I guess by default you'd just be giving today's date, right? Whenever someone's billing,

Bill Denk  1:51:14  
and then the quote or the estimate would that they would get, we would need to know what that project entailed, right? So if they did get a tip on, or if they had a sticker, or they had whatever, and they might go, "I don't want the sticker anymore because that was done. Everybody can see the butt crack now. We're cool with that. So you don't need the sticker, right? So they can maybe adjust it and then push it through and get their new costs.

Arian Kennedy  1:51:40  
We've had instances of that too, like some download cards and formula stickers calling out the download cards have definitely been removed from from the bombs. So that makes sense as far as like the cleaning up of that data. I'd be curious to see what kind of lift that would be on our side for it, and just you know, it's a matter of a particular client's requesting it and what we can do there, but I mean we do have the information depending on when it was put. There are some jobs where they ordered it from us before we had Coda as a system, and maybe some of the information that we have in Coda is not fully fleshed out depending on what iteration of our order system it pulled from. Well, it was an old Google Sheets thing. We actually imported all those old ass Google Sheet order forms into Coda, with like me candidates and said this was all pre-Coda,

Lance Binder  1:52:30  
so it doesn't contain a lot of the information. But at least it's there to look at whatever Google Sheets knew about. Right.

Arian Kennedy  1:52:35  
So it just depends on what we have to, and just you know the ask from our customer. I'd be curious to see how much of that ask that we get from it, and you know, for any new people coming in for that, then we'd have it all there anyways. But just for like our existing customers and how that would look, I'd be curious to see.

Bill Denk  1:52:52  
Yeah, and also not seeing necessarily you have to go back 20 years or whatever, but if it's like okay, we're our our new system that we can pull the data pretty easily, sort of five years ago, four years ago, whatever. We can pull from that, and then if it's anything that's older than that that you have to go hunt the thing for, it would just say, you know, we'll we'll get this for whatever it is. We'll say something so at least in messages, so they see that it's there.

Arian Kennedy  1:53:16  
Makes sense.

Speaker 14  1:53:18  
Okay.

Lance Binder  1:53:19  
Unrelated. P.O.s went into Coda mid November last year.

Arian Kennedy  1:53:23  
We went to go to Flying Saucer in August of last year.

Speaker 3  1:53:27  
So that's it for something else. That was for something else.

Arian Kennedy  1:53:29  
It wasn't for P.O.s.

Speaker 3  1:53:30  
That's not because it wasn't

Speaker 14  1:53:31  
open.

Arian Kennedy  1:53:31  
Was it pressing work orders?

Lance Binder  1:53:33  
No. Didn't go, but we we we kind of drank outside in middle of November last year. It was probably nice enough.

Arian Kennedy  1:53:38  
I don't know. We celebrated something in August. We all looked at text messages. That's all I heard. Purchase

Lance Binder  1:53:43  
orders went in and no doubt. Today I don't have to run. I

Arian Kennedy  1:53:51  
don't have. Well, hey, it was lovely being able to hang out with you guys, meeting you officially in person. Thank you so much for your time.

Speaker 3  1:54:01  
Thanks for coming down. Nice to meet you, Bill. Hey,

Arian Kennedy  1:54:03  
how am I going to get one of these good tuned shirts, though? So we

Bill Denk  1:54:06  
can order one. I've got two that are up there, but we've just ordered a limited. This is our first run of shirts we ever did. Okay. But you're welcome to grab one of those, or just let us know what sizes you want, and then we'll get those orders for you.

Speaker 11  1:54:21  
Yeah, they are. You guys have the first one. What size did you snag? Good chance. Size did you snag? Large. Okay. My size here. Large. Large. I'll text you what size. Bye guys. Bye guys. You gonna come to tomorrow's meeting?

Lance Binder  1:54:42  
We were going to show you some of the plaguey stuff, but that's okay because we need to run a bunch of that through Lucas so we can talk about.

Bill Denk  1:54:52  
This has been a huge help. I really appreciate. Yeah, I had no idea we were going to go

Speaker 1  1:54:55  
how far we were going to get into this stuff. Yeah. No, and I'm glad you got to talk to Rhiannon over there too about the art files. Yeah.

Andrew Goeken  1:55:15  
Yeah. Yeah. Because they're going to want to know. We're going to want to make sure that because the thing I was thinking about on some of the art stuff is I don't want to get too ahead and get beyond the 80% You know, yeah. So if we're focusing on Canva and those types of things, are we trying? Are we getting too detailed? And what are the things that they want to see? What are the things that are going to be easy for the customers that are going to be using this to upload, and what are the checks that they want to see before that? And then, at what point would they prefer that checks to be a conversation directly and reach out, or do we want to try and build something to automate?

Bill Denk  1:55:58  
So we looked at Canva, and we can do with like an enterprise edition. I see the thought more about that. Basically, we can upload the templates, Memphis templates, and then that can create a place where people can actually create their stuff on Canva, and they can push it. It'll come right into our system, and so it just goes right from Canva to that. And so,

Andrew Goeken  1:56:19  
did see for one of them, not all, but for one of them, they did have an option for some Canva templates already that's existing in their site, but it wasn't for any of the stuff that we stereotypically were using. So that's another good question for for Gavin. Is maybe there's some templates that you guys seen all

Zack (MRP)  1:56:37  
the templates already? We've seen

Andrew Goeken  1:56:38  
all the ones online. Yeah, this is just from the ones that I produced on. Do we have

Lance Binder  1:56:42  
contact information on everybody? We don't. No, we may not. Varian may have your email.

