Bill Denk  0:13  
Actually, so the thing is that because of the relationships that I have with the printers, what I don't want to do, what I normally do is I just blast something out to everybody and say, hey, listen, can you do this, but I don't want them to feel like they're making an exception for us, and then then I say, oh, sorry, we're not using you, we're gonna use somebody else, and just have it, people, so I need to kind of go one, but one by one with them, but so the first one just basically said, you know, the main thing is going to be, how you know if the assets are ready, or where they are with the assets based there. I might have sent it to you. I'm not sure. They said that it's, it'd be challenging, but not impossible. Key question is, when will we have the assets that will help us to determine what's possible? I told him it might be a week out from the the masters being completed, but I wasn't sure if that's because I wasn't sure if it's because you haven't mastered for vinyl, and if so, maybe there's another way I can help you with that, or or if it's just that the masters themselves have to be completed, or what you're thinking about the time frame, because, because if we lose two weeks,

Speaker 1  1:21  
so we have it mastered by a pretty good engineer, his name is Dave Kutch, and according to Dave's team, I don't know much about this process, that the masters are good to go, they don't need to be remastered for vinyl, okay, that's that's what, as we said, don't know how standard that practice is, that's what our guys hold us, and so, knowing that, assuming that's the case, we pretty much have the masters ready to go,

Bill Denk  1:52  
okay?

Speaker 1  1:53  
And the artwork will need another week, two weeks max,

Bill Denk  1:59  
about a week or two, all right, got it. So, I think that might be okay in the sense that two weeks would put us in mid July, and so you got 30 days to get that done, assembled, and whatever. Okay, so let me, let me check in with him, let him know that

Speaker 1  2:20  
I really appreciate all this. Thank you so much. Sure, if you know, like, if you find out, like, what you know, if it's possible or not, or like, what the cost, you know, for you, it might be. Sure, 20, just let me know. I appreciate it.

Bill Denk  2:34  
Yeah, absolutely. And the, and the, because I'm also thinking about that, so that we have to back out also the shipping, right? So it might take a few days to get it shipped to you. So if we're getting the 14th, then we're like a few days back from that, and then it's, you know, from the time we get the artwork in. And I think I think this one press I'm talking to can do it internally, do the printing of the album covers and stuff, so that saves you know any shipping time or back and forth, and so on, so that might be helpful too. And they do over a million albums per month, so they've done well. So, um, okay, let me see what I can do.

Speaker 1  3:14  
Yeah, I appreciate the extra help. Like, sure, it's very appreciated.

Bill Denk  3:19  
No, it's important. I know you, this is you. Listen, this is something you, and you know, spent a lot of time, effort, energy into making this happen, so fans have a really great experience. And this is also going to help her for her timing, that on the day of her show that she has final, that people are getting, and they're listening to it, and can come to the show, and she can sign stuff, and whatever. So, yes. Okay. So then the other question I had for you was, I mean, all that's.. I need to get you an idea on the Shopify thing, I think is on my list for you as well, which is, if we would do like a digital copy that fans, when they pre-buy it, could instantly get access to the digital music in the private player, as well as upselling the good de.. Oh, I want to ask you on that note, for the vinyl, were you planning on fulfilling it? Mean, do you have resources to do that, or were you would have

Speaker 1  4:19  
planning.. we were planning on fulfilling it. I mean, we have like a big garage, I have like, you know, like a legitimate label printer that we've been doing our other merch from, mostly CDs, but I mean, I'm interested in fulfillment because a lot of the times we'll be on the road, and like, you know, I'm curious to see what that would cost as far as development goes,

Bill Denk  4:41  
okay, and de piano, and on, yeah. So, I'm sorry, I'm trying to get the top of my head here. So, so basically, let me get all that put together for you, because it's different than. Our model is where we do the final and do the fulfillment and do everything else together, and typically the fulfillment is part of what we do at no additional cost, so that's the thing that works out for the artists in that way, but let me, we'll figure it out in a way to do it, and actually, you know, if you don't mind, work with me through this, and again, in the end, if it's not a fit for you, it's 100% okay, but I'm, but I haven't done the Shopify integration yet with someone, I'm excited about maybe doing that, so we find a way we can can make that happen, I'd like to, it's, we've got all the code done for it, we just haven't added that in, we have people who want to do it, I just haven't had an actual one to run through it, and so I'd love to do that as well, so yeah, if we reduce the cost for you slightly to do something like that, I'm glad to make that happen as well.

Speaker 1  5:49  
Yeah, what you know, what I can do is I can forward it to our marketers who are going to be helping us set up the, you know, the sales funnels and the ads for the vital and have been for the CDs, which are not live yet, but they're setting it up as we speak. Okay, like I'll send them the details and see, like, how they think it might be a fit, you know, with the system.

Bill Denk  6:14  
Yeah, basically just to let you know what happened would be, you'd have the there'd be like a Shopify ID that you have on your side, and we would just connect it with us, and so what happened was, you, they would just put like a line of code or a link into what they do in Shopify, and it would happen automatically, then link with us, because we're already connected on Shopify. So basically, there shouldn't be a lot of work on their part. At the end, what would end up happening is it would just pop up with a to let our system notify that there's a sale, and so then if that person is the number one, they would get the number one. Once they log in, they get the number one good deed, and if they're the number two, they get the number two, and so on. And if they choose the, if they choose to do the upgrade of the signed good deed, which has their name and the number that they have on it as well,

Speaker 2  7:02  
yeah. Then

Bill Denk  7:03  
what we would do is we would get it printed, and then we would ship it to you, and then you would just have Nina sign them, and since already has the person's name and number on it, she doesn't have to do anything special. And then we give you a label, and you just send it back to us, and we would just match if we're doing the fulfillment, we would just match it up with the customer that goes to, and then they would receive it with their, with their album.

Speaker 1  7:26  
Yeah, got it.

Bill Denk  7:28  
Okay. Cool. Well, I will let me get back to work on this for you. And again, I can't stress enough, there's no pressure in this, and if it doesn't work out, I'm still glad to help whatever I can with the vinyl, so even if you don't do anything with Shopify, whatever else, there's plenty of time for us in the future to do business together, or if we never do business together, I'm just super excited. What you guys have done, and our interest is to help help Music win, you know, and this, and even in this way, is helping Music to win, helping you to move forward, and we're glad. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. I appreciate

Speaker 1  8:03  
that, Bill. Like, I also like work with a bunch of, you know, artists, especially at the MD level, who are, you know, very much could be very interested in having it done where they aren't ordering like 1000 vinyls in advance and are more interested in like a pre-order system, so yeah, I appreciate all the good work, because they're doing so. Thank you,

Bill Denk  8:25  
yeah. And again, this has actually been good for me too, because I think we should open up our side too, that if artists say, "Hey, listen, we want to do the 1000 in advance, that we can help to facilitate that as well, so that it's just easier on your part. My goal is, is that instead of an artist or manager have to go out, and you know, spend.. I don't know about you, but what I found in the past was it would take typically a week or so for somebody to get a quote back to me, and so, so instead of doing that, yeah, that we can get it done within seconds using the system, and they can make a smart decision of where they want to go, and whether that's through us or not, that they still have the ability to make that happen. I think that would be a real, yeah, real good value.

Speaker 1  9:03  
Yeah. Thank you.

Bill Denk  9:04  
Okay, cool. Well, I'll keep you posted and stuff. I'll let them know that it's like maybe two weeks max on the artwork, and that the masters are ready. And then, and it may be a thing that they say, yeah, we can do as long as they get the artwork to us, that might be good. And then, and then the

Speaker 1  9:20  
opposite way around the masters are pretty, they're ready, and then the artwork is the one that's one or two weeks.

Bill Denk  9:26  
I'm sorry, I thought I said that, but I guess I didn't. No, no, I must have mixed it up. So, yeah, so that's an important thing that the masters are ready, because the important part about that, if this is your first time through vinyl and stuff, is basically they've got to create a other test pressing in order to create the test pressing, they have to do the plating in order to do the plating and everything, that takes a couple of weeks, and then turning around and coming back to you. Once that's done, then they can get the vinyl into the queue and get that going, and as far as, and that also buys this time. Because getting the especially if they're doing it in house, getting the artwork created, I mean, the printing can be done in a couple of days, can depend upon how they slot it in, but but it's not as grueling as getting the test pressings to you, having you approve them and listen to them and approve them, versus where the, where the art, you would just approve the PDF, and if that's good, then they would just go to print, and then you get the final piece back to you.

Speaker 1  10:27  
Absolutely, okay. Well, thank you for breaking that down. Yeah, no worries. It's like, it's like, dear back,

Bill Denk  10:33  
yeah. Absolutely, you got it, Sherman. Thanks again for your time. Thank you, Bill. Okay, thank you. so that was Sherman, I'm trying to, he's with Nina.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
