I want to get something wired up with our quote builder. We already have the components done. We don't have the pricing. But, I'm okay with that for testing as I just want to make sure the flow is working properly. Then, at the end, we can decide what happens with the quote. Maybe we begin with the artist. But, in order to do this, I believe we need to update the artist to be: 

1.  We keep "Catalog" and under it we have "Releases" When we click on Release we can see nothing (if we need to create new) or we see a release that could be sunset, or in progress, etc. 
2. But, if I start from scratch I can choose "New Release" and I could name it CALFORNIALAND. I don't think that I need any more info about it at the moment (we can always add later). 
3. Inside of Calfornialand, I see,  "Create Draft" The draft takes me to our builder and let's assume for now that we are going to do Goodtunes Direct. So, the draft allows me to select the format I am going to choose (Vinyl, CD, Casette), and then based upon the choice I am dropped in to our builder. Ignore the "MRP" top and left rail for now - this would be the artist. and I a use the builder (which is comprised of components ) to create a draft. We're also going to assume for this purpose that I'm tied to a printer (in this case MRP) and once I complete the draft, I can save it (and should it auto-save as "Californialand-[format]" in case something crashes since we already know the release name. 
4. Once I'm done, I could share this (which we have to discuss if we are creating a PDF to attach and / or letting them (manager, or other) come directly to a non-editable - but interactive estimate.
5. It's in the system as a Draft in my Release "folder".  
6. This is the first step that I want to get to. But, we need to build "Releases between the current "Catalog" and "Album" and "Album" will convert to a Draft, or a project. Meaning, we need to make sure we do this with all of our legacy stuff. For example, Nick Carter has the Release Love Live Tragedy (Double LP) I'm thinking in his "Catalog" he would have seven releases - each of the 7" vinyl and the one Double LP. All would remain a release. but, all would be sunset. But, for Niina, she would have californialand, which is a release which is... what? Because she's now got a quote from the printer (which we could plug in the numbers. HOPE from Nightbirde would be a a release that's in the digital phase. and we're prepping it for print. But, it hasn't been submitted to the printer, so even though the digital side is for sale, would the print side be "draft"


Thoughts?