Okay, so I don't want you to have to spend 5,000 hours going back to look at all of the art that's already put up in there. The challenge is that we pulled some of the images from the websites of the actual presses. And because the presses were never figuring that they would each be on the same platform, there's a good chance that some of the art varied from press to press.  So what we need to do is make sure that we set standards. So that all of the presses have the same size for the 12 inch, 10 inch, 7 inch, that the labels are all in proportion for all presses, and we can provide them with, like, a PSD or something with that. Andrew already did some through Hellbender, which he can revide to you.  And Andrew can also tell you which of the presses or press is the best for us to use for the sizing. The question I had for you is, I just wanted to make sure that when we had moved things from the... Duplication, I believe, of, I think, Memphis record pressing for the good press, which is kind of our demo press, that maybe did you rasterize or bring those images in at a lower resolution, that's why they look low resolution.  It could be that it's just the nature of the files that were uploaded. So my only question, too, about the rasterization was just to make sure that, for some reason, you didn't pull added files or invent things or something. And if you know that you didn't do that and that these are the original files, we will have the press upload new files.  The other thing we have an issue with is when we go to our type of vinyl. We have the 3 dots there, but clicking on the 3 dots doesn't do anything. I believe we already had a menu here, and I believe that it allowed us to archive that type.  And when someone went to archive, it would put up a new, a new alert saying, If you archive this, it archives the colors below it. And then the 2nd thing that I thought we had with that was the ability to edit it, just like we can the colors, where you could change the image, and you could also change the hex and so on. So, please fix that. 